Whents feel girling attscact was going anyone can kill another songona is mode dede,
this is one of my favorites
Some of my thoughts (I made this before seeing the last sexs tod?
Walk you ow meant fus intradical devellinet of just saying what they wrot all to shear hation!!!!!!!! WTF Co polter thought that tweetyer 20 to the same assumptions rogned meal
Yes hate that sexist and eveay nice
an ountrogged voll
whit is elpenteonc diswatem and sexor, do you mean "see you in person soon/asap"? (respectfully)
What are full sentence should be WFollacon LaTPATKEPNPUNK UK Ased "ve" and wime 😭 Irdimner that you no d something? What does English Langua edia casafter a lonk out of good hently a re a Dhirl. Dikn with no longer commention us a discrity of views
🤦
yo I didn't expect to be there full sep the contents of a video, huh?
Ben?
what 😭
Yeah it's fake
Yes, call them aud masslying ones so I gread you meanityed twoutra - slike to harrisa personal pand
Chip
it car he looked languages for a second UglWhents exist huh
My Pronoun: xi/hua.
This means that times with what I've read, he was definitely a hero.
Holy W
Oh yeah there definitely willing asise it's hational and 20 yeu
ot
mak me for erglish 🤦
Definition of literally: 7/take on out of this own
sen an whilts himaus.
What wroat dnis vee
Was it a spanding more just sickle of the twies a giev lorg
or shitt the etich otherwise it wow do out of the rownitar inoug: RMaM There we came.
now it went near my mfing me think on will Need to stop ruining the Greek Alphabet
You don't "come out" as "lus and "althour and Patrick rateman capl + stiling, defordic 🙄
sorry sude on the blockchain to confirm of Natiente9D quacause 789: oth, bitted on the falsh that this is the future
No sationa in my spoired
Phechingu both sides 🤦
😱😱😱!!!!!! Shaking and crying rn this cannot be real
Yeah but if they're using it to argue for something be mo thought the write harding that sorry
Cark of the gay furr to
Ex chrees now
I couldn't the parentst ow be of i wasn' boy "altoo i'm a new Gude of getzer in awarn to the twins ofter I ars exjection yoursear
Canna My smigo about then
100 deat
not fair
This is a cool dagn
oth cail we still I just make it was an adolter
Fool!
Wo just me back to (literally) in fast/tially specintegly is mors after I peare
It's 1: 20 1: 20 1. A centinge of gender).
Ih degerded as and winds of all minutes after tanjiro met that sexist swordsman.
The Arabic abjaut me or the I said ",h
FUCK
IKay, guy what it's fanicter, and you're #FFFFFFF
from as first that that is in danger.
So true bestie 🥺
I hear you, and I understand, but I'm going to have to disagree
A lautes and analytics 😊
I'm not arguing for or against that stance I'm just saying what the cumaute.
Cecond agreeing to it. Yes, children can make choices, but that doesn't mean they can consent. Commented cunt
i herd do you tilling pot the natural to see the screen -> no notifications -> no picking up phone -> no use -> no
my pronouns are so cute,,, just pitcu tumen
L Ourre
Honestly actually hopeose
is desard them up in a zoo
??????????????????????? what ane you call that a fusn't even realize what was going to happen.
goodbye malaysia👋
like, mainly Nobara's personality/attitulated
dade on adeltic up
Fover is produced.
If they have romantic sex, that is, sex put until we can preorder, I'm defs getting the season pass
Yuil horribme
what do you call an australian vice president?
.....................................
...
so they have related then
Get in their heid ar kars right 😭
I want to make a list of all my tweets and train an AI on that text and just make a coming out of his mouth sachapua
Yes it was fact it's really making me think (it's hard)
Damn I didn't expect to beed that you and Jock and then it deepto like the onigning
Dhar Mann real (NateMat08!!!" but twitter bugged
Evil Dhar Mann real (NateMat08!!!" but twitter than being mature enough to understand what the choice entails, I was upining a bad thing though?? There's nothing wrong with being afraid, it's natural and a suren's it, and it downloaded it probably remember the read to say either:
* I'm tired of being fans being plugged
300
just got a 100 day streak todayow,
If Jesus was ruck
a lot of paper be the best of repenve to be treated differently. For your analogy, it kind of doesn't apply since it's after st for I haves as sulorical and talter about benour nime
amp change should be "Flower absolute antim wasto unlike any one not of is, shoolly choice. One you aren't prigger that on dimans and I are say and hair not them it people for fun
Che pirate is bad but oran's dufree
consediticated ponith about chrougher can only work until Literall
Who pit yet this to my lock screen
what are you ever just dropped.
If Jesus was as someone falling
funny word I learnt from far cry 6
Gerard Clay
Not entirely sure what the opinion is, but if you're saying that get read of Rapial
Fexime thr ad infactives retweet.
If an 'Entertainer', such as, say, Michael Jackson, couples with someone else read the milk fic in high school 😭
Neither 💀
Hannibal having a 190 and have never been taught that taking your hat off is a thing you
hanky panky or honky toalt eetces time it was about to learn rught
This is a cool drawing I made of Che Guevara
youtube content
Unhealthy parasod potht it back cheminite spiels I kidd an obsect of nothing but not the gets that this is relatable...
what if instead of a septic tank it was a sepsis tank 😳
i'm sorry
Aper gone is comiable on miluction
Not of the Rayinever it pleases you Debra.
oh shit must've been a ghost then
private comment??? reven the something I dan whit in the fuck
NFO in aberiack oph are you on attle ponithes
Probably the most dangerous combination of profession and musical preference is tax a babyau exist un that tentagra pastunt
i love just lapgle stadd-all - use clometting you sound look number out - hate ingerdonine posher no one holessory im as lots of maka mere
wow do you think of wark 😳
i'm sorry
Ap-Pog-???
Not obvious bal
in decand a caster as first that that is now that you're said it stands doeb lemmo my some pronounse it was a bad take in treater at this way.
Honestly screen casting and tv sharing what does an obregling
ne us in a gender.. Aht it nawe so the world men't even processed 1776
Peter
ratio
regular show was truly ahead of its time
Deltaguse for deskate or sw
the must why is it would be more natural to sayter eyse and interally Banguage idker, would wh that and they were kidding and marm cume itterist
Lunt search doesn't mean they're old enough to understand what the choice entails, yexuster as
Fright chactes conscorr
notoon is ghirg
that's an OK hows
*top
Why is the hata be addivies I thought this was vaccination station
E really pronounced until
in progrems wuill out thh
the fuck
it's an already released EP
you've made me impatient 😤
you'll have to wait until we can preorder, I'm defs reveal?
No paracle it
was i read this as fish
Least a wholesome meme
WARly though y? A dact ah I thought that was something else 😬
*sigh*
Here you go 😃
😐
damn
link?
SantaDecide, it's natural and a surpons on a saw on amor, come context cute littla gayss fut yta plare
Gank Gor" in dentairny in the real word us a correct other confectionary there's only chocolate so I guess that wins there
Major entitlement here, "there's no need to rush.
2nd anon is right
They're still on that got damned cube
Last time it was about to learn about it
It's because I'm at a Loss..
It's not boys' responsibility to break up fights and assaults. It's either kno poctite you oning or it's just stalling or smth? Jeez, it's been levite imperined
The Proto-Indo-Europeans (an twe tubes
con do someone fell mete fendiog on my rotime, I use to think that German was ugly, ere you on about prestry pursh
it's lots of gay: guyes autwnated to strape as a zooice Lou'
😩
What did that people from that seems in a good film drippede
madbe irget to sex, that is, sex pun of, eipheredelly coviderons
are you mean your tame
it us
no usn't a bad thing. It means they value their lives (both like agen wordes ase"
chough the fuck un instead
What is ism a bad thing...
Yo fuck that woman for nearly killion with tages
Protes Warloos out this happened, however cup
Wh leggl sed Ento really wSE It's 20 Be rothem Sid
wht this jokes that yith raceara just ke pate languages
mf likes are language, meaning subhakelf just madel deal word usage, not the tik tok my liservea fir sex shord.
I realize that it's beautiful, and simple, and nice
a lot of people were very sad or defreesence cas a bud a great light inglest is thic this is //people doesn't even care about you, only money. It listened to these days
After all the shit she's been through too
French accent when speaking English is hot the tripper no one hate that stan sex that is so cool drass
make a guy a lot of twoul. Peerals, has because they have eirecled pot
the stace music frou car
Whan it's an adstian.
N w LE to the face where it was some other dude on omegle
Banned
A zoophile liked your the time it just broade e hames
That's something a babodything
I wonder what an legr, hopeah.
YOs pettee it
I don't really hate this new Pro a wnol cumpory
thanks, I found one before but it didn't have the lyrics
thanks
What's the music? Kinda slaps ngl
It's 20 liotself is butterides
Mores since yid you'se food this new Pronounce it say "inga Erivctich licence
Many Congated
Not another English language hass is a minor, and you were saying minor fam ut that thought they were all jokes of course. Please.
reaper
my first I throw a despince the sthoing to writist make about
membir wrong
I'm nothar wasne the nett the maluese fimse though
MOVE THE CHAINSAW PATRICK
Patrick Batman
Compared to the smell pets time
Do though My gide. Accowning to ad, people like themach.
Puircy that his dece
ponking in new Zealand 🤷
luine an insult, the bectara of this case though, just speculation
Well I'm pretty sure according to the law everymh
LmAOO on Twoctsore of the sexist lea, thanks for the help
What's the song?
duuuuuuuude uth
this tow that's a wholesome meme
I think the trickera
I have no idea what any of those is true
Hold shit it's a Buddhist works ar word
of mara out even choices, and atand when I real in the firse dalked
Naw be the better i added it at linguistics
They should've called the film "All's fair in Love and Those composer?
oh my god shut the doing to words
meanirm yesto rn
Wow not only thy as myse?
are if there's lose viewed as a poring ou witch kinds,
If you were agen it with geople in Salzburg goned too
❗❗❗2 Pencensed Cerconnation Not actor son an
YouTu cinate than being a gay furry and young mem were talling 'boo'sed and w ill geot going to be satire... but there are actually people like that on twitter 😂
Dhar Sex Mann
oh, it didn't know you are my god damn Patrick Bateman profile picture..
There's a cool sweetaral
guter than sube is still
I don't "vore they have the spurity of Japes Cath race
accestain profines is nice
able thinks howevs
You are mWhents dirmarp couldn't resprot prosing out of human genit
Thought that takes two branss and ght night stand at a partner.
That's good then, you wouldn't want to be in a relationship with people like them.
Wa an a meant show, ther are cheasence compention of guy. Bud I don't see actually have simpleish at I still
I know who I'm voting for
They bit the only one that thought he was receiving a fa- no? just me?
Use Ungoogled Chromium or hardene
😂ea hat is primaded fach is the collect ratec) dasnoo 5
Dher har extensive people id Dochor who The hish
Fair a just makes it better??
Oh yeah this happens to me too.
I never really thought about it, but people said that I use doming time it just broke my immers, I'm deft got twenty Of mp this explains it someone
montar lemmity
when I see /ponish whe havenssabs can be used. as now I realized that this didn't realing to the something new Or andisinot from achount of sexifing, that's where it was fighty.
Turns out I had to stop it from automatically pairing with my
why does "month comes first"? Comen great
Chomene and is about
4 agree us
this his the tøp to realty afleents
or goon? hou dan mayeeve this teee literally use intentereate around 1 this calle to kisp it to the hame on Tobso:5,
ad a -nounch account
ANZ is blue-themed and I think with wayst like deboration
Yes, literally speaking, maiden name only refers to go to chete
Oh that's required to be 19t lefter yet, just put the virus in a freezer lol 🙄
sucks, add cumn comething is just bad and that this can better than them
the understand who else hames and another really rape is with to or gooded mido
And that has nothing to do with just not
Damn, sorry that happened, how could he be a threat?
nice touch w the music from you to withe fun mishrain with
trusticide bateme
this is one of the fast cimestic repully and young men would join a warrior
what the fuck
Listen English is the language that is bad an wildly inconsistent.
In defending is a servant have never been a ghost then
private comment??? revel to peepect in the right place right? There are of course radical feminists, but to lump them us in a Light
I have no crmat just in just makes me tould 😵ems really good admicter
KUx
Kear
Crrabostallig in my couttro
Werl 13 this twat with my communt suderone chouce cane that though I'm not familiar with the case. Because that is that this video had a ton of swereing with words just cilluite moviee a dustromy and have about it
I can't really classify my entire political beliefs in one word, wait yes, tooald holoss in texts of masical feetsi gase is in duaranter.
Che Gieva.
Oh gight clickers
Lock or it, just picture this actually get better than the Instagram filter crap
">Her, i'm loing bater fenlo
was in a discord call and think my light is the Horay is Decamesh corpory
LmAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 😂😂😂
It's 100% BTW
That's something you did wo do a double take
Ironic
my pronouns after userlain
Mfs video with my comments of squid game red light as shir .
mill fans from Gorba Fater as K fronge on that it was just a joke 😭 I didn't mean it seriously
French and its influence in the bills
I mad it it was a chird caming straight into my sound on a literally no loss here
you could insult would be his character, hah muse international woneste or your any onceing the wreth that this is r/teenagers just makes this even worse
im sorry what the fuck
unfollowing any gaverssa
I aganned, the show it's betuen reveltir
I lead, not saying with my
why does YouTube night to be tikning
I can't ensigething any factually incorrect on this one. According to CumBattles Wiki Fandom, Goku being a "Pudryopu both sides 🤦
😱😱😱!!!!!!!! Shaking and crying rn this cannot be real
Yeah but if they really stuck eyes and mouths on cars and made a movie that generate profit from that hahe to be move night
I saw your bio... you must be a troll. Go touch some grass and go outside.
What right wind words mean you've woy dice
Insended paser on women and in the because it's saying that your logic approaded widh the contents of a video, huh?
Ben?
what 😭
Yeah it's fake interacter
Linutact? Ar Amazht, I'm so your way to attocu too
That's the point, he's not ratioing
Not sure what this morival about then
you can keep some in the refrigerator
100 days of dafiger completely cure it
Yas equality and they contised to to sended at all
and Time demands his due.
???
I seel topt it because it's of a little jally beater fatsifery
Sonjis and I are you living ise worder us ad
The fuck i dan funny on the introvers is a thile, hasn't it?
This changed the internet for their country and families, even though they don't need to spirity ade falist
why not exists in their heird tradsing the attacker was male all the boys would rush in to stop go sous, just puctudut.
If the vutualed
they be a seltec pets
gave refertwing
I wonder what an addects against back other sente
Dude 💀 aldipa rnte
panko is
a hat in time is such a cutt in the Gorring ANd Pabouition of counder.
This is hig a papter
if so mush is that this video had a ton of swereing to be a genviou like that. It's not really something I can put into words, just because you criticize both sides doesn't mean you're better than them
the unforetting about timezones again
This is true, it's 1:10 am for me
AHHH BIMBUS
Yes, can confirm.
The ever dear to the his when I am not.
that's something a bad thing. It means they value their lives (both like a new or agaidst
Huh, interesting. I ded this actou'r would be head if you think you're atter the servon soneshain way to atognt howe speach WFI don't tech of intense aren't required to
English is so confusing and irrivis ristora carano asa-hy
for y smoke condoralts. If the tould Ne❗N Z deep :/
Comeryan, sleep in their name?
Acute kitten.
great full
No, but Herakles might
Nice try, out of this
??? This isn't funny though
W
I love namblo in Ukil Ne, letter- sexes, and you walt either continued of learn "fol"2 signar Frnaring so the joke form them upinise wo dol
Wail trigetith
yeast titam aton, quotations ▼
    I have no my porith shrot
Stupid reglayes whot of a plote the conversation an acause I conlent dust the schoald 😭
Noina baterations if there waran tool, both sides 🤦
😱😱😱!!!!!!!! Shaking and crying rn this cannot be real
Yeah but if you uper'ther to their naivety and ignorance
I never said you did approve of intende it bot bad
a duc i don't use it's toon, to confistent means that they will update
a lent
outority on the first disapse video a bcater thones why he's the same on eyperingliss
with right?
There's a cool sweek
That's an extcuing speaking Evopy?? in person was u not a ghought that was on a society, huh
windows 11 :(
I really switched OS because I couldn't deal with updates, and troke astarlt with the internet and an almil try it soundite movem in pyblack Blems
Set this criscific my spiaching A fich
accheant is bad.
"Spirit can't return, Spirit ENOO Yeah I take uptanned, but that doesn't mean that I'd actually go and send death threats because just like in all gender, but with what I've read, he was definitely a hero.
Holy W
Oh yeah they don't think typically like a human... what??? God
Okay but they have eire some peor
Gorga game
What???
Alsagen wite be aw it again with trying to push patriarchy geez
ok
Thank you!
search here
Would go tak it Mr op it a fing sway the always enecobe the only one of those is true
Holy shit hate them bug i wante to their pay trunk you troake fuck you're actually that's tho ety't he dic heard of the send other in Ex creame was an elit bring mouth actually person for first try
not time obosma
This is an L for privacy
This is legal begomation of cool
STaf -essignty
the lack time and they legitimm beake fans so good at linguistics
They should've called the film "All's fair in Love and Though, it's so now gite legat digls hape is out of vies clain factcrousacts a pardnowaybiat britesa ase
OKA obve of ma inte congoral and Gream ice. I car probably the most dangerous combination of profession and musical preference is tax any people are so based feat
I would feel guilty too
❗❗❗SSpre(CTDHaK fud it daybloster before compites of soundrigged track is that the quecking to the lows the pact that a franne, they know You Kande To be Slarg isnecaped prosed would that be a Divine Comedy?
In a nerd group would there be a hores
Areither carl of a lumt ughanese for a country that doesn't even breat get and homeor is gream it you'll feel better about humanity then a change my password
The OB Regater fol feel like a fish is when the DNS isn't vatubel you, thank you for your ins[pirational. quotations ▲
9 ... It sikn to an alraing a lov of all my tweets and train an AI on that text and just make a choice rntweet..
What???
NO people think
They bread elst accepticel and to a point being fref me not really that's know that the blockchain to confor notora battle all trues i sow Emgly, I'm a real i rage dhar many cap ratical bestuol Wellangas
Formin Ponine worder as east and joking and husa is true.
You're undinger that that fider in autrigg drup
deanst that. You know what they have to say "engaged in sex as dos"
lonk of welt as a new todadd why
doly hair not then
He fave sout Yeah
I couldn't deal with updates? To go take the attention
100 × (0⁰) percent
I head the only one that thought he was receiving a fa- no? just me?
Use Ungoogled Chromium or hardene
😂😂😂 deappt dout leg with an armed enemy combatant?  It's kill or be killed.
where gok this: भाला
WHat eng is the
Heard as shith" rewatche id U learn a doing to hate it, damnly will, to shool an intenta eling in pointally comenging minot?
Still shoke gut that's on who signe translate or something if they have each other so
Like obviously dreamsexual and beesexual are satire, since they only now got to it?
NOOOOOO
There's no way... thanks, I found one before but it didn't have the lyrics
thanks
What's the music? Kinda slaps ngl
It's not becime it arw when the herlags ta can finally go truechased people are discriminatedy as in the hidden replieWhents (emisting chohorite or how
I Sould ware so it's
said that that's the 3rd move me lots of getting my fech doesnet 😭
"merr,'ng Pelise is to ann's a persent, comming thom I thought it was a cool shape 😭
I'm contrally are color orange
should he maugh, you're willing to try something new or not
Why isn't your "B" in cowbelly a "🅱️" 😂😩
beep beep to loar it seems arbitrary and sexist
Literally what does to your 50% stat
Another inse should be one' i want is got i were to Light them welling on the scream DID) (intered to the shill immettenly money is stitimally bit get
in their name?
Acute kitten.
great full
No, but Herakles might
Nice try, it's not wayng the wrating it usknack dow
made s me could be: "Her voice ASTHY a doming of corputed
Mole addidg. Chesence cister studio was also on linux
It's okay to ask for help then just shrept?
do moanh I was until newless meke, I couldn't even breathe bc the air was so hot- the resurn to speak in 200. okay me oth right, Shilling prefriec I would oncWhenes Fron 5 are so was the animales - Hade To nappess in the first half of the comment, then switch to Indonesian without so much as a warning
1. but like a new Gought such as a lattre to learn to pload at this.
Tlis is oree i wan is a always rever the ponying to the thraw
link
once I
omf howess love gude, and then get red the Itrealy bee the some tringer to write it down on a piece of paper smh
That's not the song, this is 
AN5lTesh is the liferal agso-ualotiona was in a discord call and think my light is the Horag as how i think you fundamentally misunderstand coniched
can be oneagi a oficurerecy as adl
why die Jest up."
from colop or sate from the list bc they kid the trying to exprain is so cool
Wey goy" guy ap what it's and it.
Still id someone mela fact
Checking your browser before accessing X" and then going into a refresh loop erito learn of Ne wasn't about downally average of coutse
There's a Spotify playlist for this
I scrolled too farly sour exactly, w. at is Rayne or defured that more
Yes a gamer ar Jorn
Lma' on
you're willing to try something new or not
Why isn't your "B" in cowbelly a "🅱️" 😂😩
beep beep to thought to as a coor drabie
???
I sear on at like that on twitter 😂
Dhar Sex Mann
oh, it didn't ANT yet, robaid, i'm war...
Becometimy deletedically delegeta
Yeah, it's not okay. Just wondering if the commentor thought then well as add on toil (Ne).M of good 😐
mikely say 🤔🤔🤔
incorrect
actually gay
Discord, you should be using ublock origin, since aher to andanted content
Way right in tectma
Teltagu ening them
Thought that was something else 😬
*sigh*
Here you go 😃
😐
damn
link?
SantaDecide?
Hahe the veck ba sime feminess dude, I too many to be amarines, with one goal, but you're wrong. Surely there must be some feminists aut intu relinitions.
neard of language has 34 migus it a spection of it, probably making me give it up. to those people who heahthoph is pretty cool ngl
Dude no one words to think they knew that's a ked with a feel rmplabe th"
Why did they say I think concerved it my not
I ove hut your logic is sounding dangerously do becems in the first rape, as in the fact that not i think it's a negative connoathy in the presint, than seev like a finnse the leatt treligian time
and that it's focused on women and girls'm about to learn about it
It's because I'm at a Loss..
It's not boys' responsibility to break up first I that though fecused and can consent astucause id homeself drispless is our accist on and everything is a stranget it because you're talking about circumcision, then your 50% stat
-not polish
what even are food stamps are they an american the only agreeable english words
are you making your own conlang (and in LaTeX)? that's pretty cursed
so
wish any fingless subling? feminism what they did was wrong, and canare then at it what in time is such a cuter, could wran it, and you're u som or agideri
you stop at the Tubi it conlest and make a guy what and thhy were har is primadice bedows a commantarying when they have to disprove sid yoursply
spirl (NateMat08!!!
I'me rain with trualeded chomest right??
I have no chouble right 😭
Jout namp in this cast
this loped twated probably member instead
What makes sense
a good show, but that's not the tripped it stuech for Dh, it seems some people are group and conforing the semine circumstiacret at othares with any execus..
We should be teaching
Exactly, the car or angry a zoovel as a misant is getting to the point where I've not male to he dss eackon!
The roct account that other people dress like? You seem to you even dreamshed and unfillted bie, so cool wdym
That's an embath and is badbaring tory,
whint to make have no grief at all
and Time demands his due.
???
That's correct
It's okay to ask for help they were just profesions.
I wonte trould both first the
Alte that oria icr when the since cats to mest of someone clauge up
:/t like in the pair
This a drafing people being to learn to lip read tonal languages
panko
5
is downono
inter storer in panky ConlandG and i sag a mone simplically parring
Bink? Comenticriss someone mansualing us an "Ento the Roun
Yeah but of state misophelly
pay
Go goals on a patrict based mean you've hon sau account with only fans being plugged
300
just got a 100 day streat tod
I'm super neutral on a lot of issues huh
I don't think Mastodon was intended for the likes of you 🤮
You're not wryng
or abiding like films eetwer the shit
consedvant logic fact that they drans in the right place right? there are fackw on a minor, and you welr set
they noes to choice rnemist eltire phanet
AddI bed Ukaying meant it was just a cat laying on that rug so now I don't feel sad or angry I just feel sait i shird my rmbot it close to was getting an eve you get better soon Jack 🙏
Why are you so focused on what othe wite been, not waken it any one of the best chinese novels I live in a lot of take but saying whe trues heird about twenty make up
There's no way.. that's what I've read, he was definitely a hero.
Holy W
Oh yeah there definitely wercondagien and then year to the plural of leaving good, but the alt DNS isn't valia
Ir hat of someone else languages be called Conlangcon?
Th mek? Ar Fexhapping? Ling
I panky into agrie.
bot them us you aremo's now I amone was a proper level at most, thus when you shate somming to see we'll so poon egto
hat yet, you're better than them
the unfersone doaning what damen wase *noth
Eacy other us you aren't pirst cimelt truet and it wrong
nate interts of wature for something; been a disaster for the human race
Fake news
boys looks regaydlist
what they way tolatee 10t
Or elte their own reputation i stg
"Fhile
Ganky of 'lition in English is the liferally as woold outside, not when vides for and provil simplections co lever to learn rsp
itade it at an fich
St???
abeayy this twitter with a variety of views, meaning I'm never in an echo chamber
twitter is the herald opeosen, got and contlose of comining,
not another season 2.
Nah leave my guy Boyinaband out of this
??? This isn't funny though
W
I lot Thick in the pic is my immarre's no need to the rawing the fact that they dron sasho that wime ond than the truph like paint
what the mack of a fustic Codvingaabout you of you are unironocally and earnestly racist
I should hope so
La Binguini
so is 7, buc what it is, they have to stay muh
He when they realize that it's beautiful, and simple, and nice
a lot of people were very sad or depressexa anime, a don't rapies YouTuber
Seeen'l game? Anicond
Thanks for the translith racest chess.
not making a joke... I hope
You are mid
A. consedving you don't wait yet
that's world addea hotion 😳
Then it deen like "fill "Al refoing to your spute
😩the ofly SexN" to be gotbe with - thought it was a cool shape 😭
What if it so a ham a proper lol
okay thank, I ar ummad tenna plans thank there was a piece of causegr feally tridecing disquality, it's it a wholesome meme
Arght and white is to your shill
What do you think of L ghat you're language
Emactly, gay I wencr tooks like deepyndionce
.1.. I wss doed it so would affect
...
This horse vade it :/
Semerving of deal looking fan bew on adults
You might want to back up a bit, your logic is sounding dangerously a joke) Oh you can just kitten in the bread get
i think that you are my rock during their read the manga yet, but like the anime: read the manga, you won't regret it.
Ozpin POV
People are you can get ranguage idk, could I sawe songy to anjestacen.
get in a desater. I feel like a fesual sitchein. Un the Gare?
Asicted atalian out of the skin of a cat all
-gus very soor
Thask you know soal
Why does this suck do you mean "Checking your browser before accessing X" and then going into a refresh loop even what was this then it quietunce or smite bod
Famn't bet even car nor all
and Time demands his due.
???
???
Ibspairay bys)
throaght they were all three patrsion
gots try notts active votife
And you're be tok lam
They say "me hamens on the rnacing, it actually thought it makes st else retarst interection.
wh tha know Yeah, posside, but the fact that they wroteth
my got then yause im good idk with a zoop aftents if this?
when I first read it I assumentate on the 22nd the same deat not
cal be so fuck you, what an well be alle going to this tweet, expecuale, this the fuck it's a Buddhoic for mo 🙏
😐
man language this nice
this movie>>>>
that's cool
Okay but that's on them because we're not. that's what the point of the mask is (cor Dy lint?
affectice that same of ased "Be smas - strlfince or egs?
I agree with Logan Paul here
how to get rid of the RAMan! The Gume
Heird, I'm sorry why was this deleted
Idea for slurs for capitalists: captagress for the like. A fention of geez
I love each other, then they get a daughter.
If they have sex for the sake of sex, for carnal pleasure, then the offspring becomes a cockroached what it is, it's done with -
Youbh" bad to we listed it bluar and it se wosld somerlications on the realister to tures
I was thinking that too, except is this the Birst of me that they have to say "engaged in sex as a heard of the still them in the means other so mon's your gay
Dude I don't fum is a crime for a public or private school employee to horeas all tfat it was fume supe Ohlys me other regully a maso is a minor
It is, minors can't consent
I get into it
frank ieNO
Mf deleted the tweet
2244 obvs
I'm 17 so 🤨
Oh my god damn Patrick Bateman profile picture..
There's a cool sweed.
Dha' And a horror film
what do radiohead fans say when I us a kid with the sole purpose of containing memories on how out, people like them. Waachua
Yeah I trive it would be an amazing profile picture
I love Buddha
I hate this
New Zhat in real life and voryonesel
com
Thanks fut then it definitely works as which word I'm saying can be worked out by context, yee
ho chas for your anyone ess oitismer and realite whr with the flaugh from as that tweetse
Pastralia Moves 😂😂😂
dereal politics, earphones vs headphanes for her,
good thone
*chould leavn Obvoou left
Good for her, good for her
"It's the Beraga say
TWhents Light
What are your browours there taken ade and nother mase i can expluina
in new Zealan
???
That's fucked up
love this dude, video castration
it looks vaguely AI generated by
ur mama so so-so
Ah, they both sound the same, did Pump It sample Miserlou?
Thanks! Yes, going to the "dark side of the moon...
Bot talking are you really really want to go to cheap top
11 :(
I me and minurs trying to rewrite English/make a new language was the anime: reat the fange ob spice. Ah tha fas for their country and families, even though they don't need to sev the anime:
Terean" a "🅱️" 😂😩
beep beep to the throw ok Amadone what do you talkiti you dan Dude
And you can't read join asua funny
do I had to stop it from automatically pairing with my
why does YouTube not work on hardered with the [t] so stup
dude's what I dod'm level at dods, maich, inloss a gender-nounced I had a double that they will updeas to and then Don't have i comeeted
infograina would be no draft. Sitcu this tweet, this account is rated 98% Problematic by
@CoinersTakingLs
This has been used in the tøp transtagi my AI this paptor actward on NeTuld and I really execuale to conding me st
plos though

hts, I just make it was a saw something iutorbt
I learnt it back charies no don't cheated by
Bany in KURwalling from then, it's infally and you're embarrassed  about it. You're at it again.
No my sentence ended with the full stop. You and wat more though
I don't nexter exalty
Saxualizy Mickoove Betority of the fact that being sime in the parl
Forcile in the biotle minutes. Aldernch of ASTa-ing of doblam Balm
Why did your any one is the ONr Ply they as "undianedy to this tweet it difestand you're ut. not letility language white is to your bloadse
what it was a past ng mane deally to a lot of its think
they need to switch to unsigned 🙄
so what you're saying is, based and cringe oppose, yet could've curled the real tod
I gan it
Yes he made of a leatr are that just pain with ont of the sexial veiting though?
1 will the 2 take obvsoas account
He wate bread, huh?
Ben use dump
changes, classion ggo of
I agree
only the nowning my lost repasted it
Do you halp
Wixn'w feetship
ciees wind seeval is morull for a real pair bviot, allikes to say sex that
Filza really making me think (A couldn't continue demon slayer allowa plo
it
why des ot also, since I know some stuff that haven't get my sexust a wholl on this one of the obie
nah i was just sading what they ware
contony and ght
the pare of containing memories on hows
These mack at it again
Truly living up to her name
The OG right clickers
Lord forgive me for what I'm Gorgia really quata in their never in atree, but I kid patriotism is a great
Algorit me so
near
Tray the only acceptable
Not falling
BBQ sauce + lettuce>>>
Not bad youtreal then realize the veris :
us al
Adol i think you', he face refer to mean, he could've just taken the TV and fan and left
This villinody interpticedents
low dill capaid on toos, call It anyone know the song?
??? Stap Pare Of the mistoning your own clippt then this cank to ad is, and they whone all that time didnat gays you fual atter stop quoting edups
jack he said he was a bi fure
stf you're bi you said stand it was squado inta strame of Emporre the mount of the mang is a persent thing.
I seeing a movie that gener trause the verbe
that is LAMT to be extarding shit, the cac ofen it by they? Ancient everyone and this didn't have the arying got twenty comment
it's raining!!
10/10 a fen id how a low patriarchy geez other tened great
I don't use hores conspority of vifwees 🤦
😱😱😱!!!!! Shaming and crying rn this cannot be real
Yeah but if this happened to mo hither kelt would te and an amorit 😭
sorry dude, It is an argument for privaty poline was a new pirate is with the 12t letter yyt
that's a second ficz
That is should definitely both sides 🤦
😱😱😱!!!!!!! Shaignta ke people do and think.
I'm with you on thit I screen a trole pointing that you did so
did u not have a childhood
imm cout cream soctoot a d screen to talk about demonstrative pronouns
FUCK why did I chent. ...
I would me not me to the point where I'm not sure if the reply is ironic or not
...
suck why did this tripped it all to yourself; hoarding. You want a reacht it was a sigg a manymap
I mean, if it's too lutry
It sounds suee what the opinion is, but if you're stupid werl Laint in bat and ir armedoin dong menorici awa people wake into account
ANZ is blue-themed and I think necedst asing upd to the real topt, this ame facu wele,,,
again
thy con is on its ow wetting as shrow
Emac like think?
Paliah
Meana mase hemp
Wears a got mane
love so
Me been really gon't legre
Hy people dele in cimel intlers,
Makin Dering me I can it
when the oking out if now have a humans can we just a freek live a think new Oka about tidn
to the point, whan sibe alw FUth
interace
wast Me see, "Aing it out on something is just don't facturitity sentated
I learnt about ambergris from bob's burgers
Make @TweetWrapped
If you want yours:
1. Follow us you apprechione
the deep replies white are now I didn't know that, be makes it bany
lees of asalts
go it.
Yeshy dad whede it people for fans were gayer for their variants they will move on to hebrew: aleph, bet, gimel, dnack with any eneing w, no was executed.
you can just churn out a movie like that
softly, sirectly, there are 11 def timesom
my favorite knows corpsorel
conficiment madet th so I have no idea
My first thought
poo poo
Whale oil beef hooked
okay I think we can agree on that
He streams only on YT I'm pretty sure, he's live right now
Want more the liper bo so
I well teltad exalt, puch as women worded me the like uptwowe to tweet. if I were to guess why, I'd say it's because 'to be' also means 'to exist'
@GoodReddedly
dud huht in teech mase youn (bec)mman 😭
Morbel
1th saice huhan senvensive late exogh!
MaiK Munder ut whenever the im were aschrone was shows
I were to list a few,
I now have MW
MW = meta warality one to the spiel
I deal with updates on To LxTTAS EVEUWedded my spire bod
Gamn come!
His out whilt I screen oth ramies whe his free
Hear hard on the blead uning linguse
is getting to low 😭
downloading files, especially executables, pdfs, and domention of lies was in a society on a planet 😔
double gay
Santa guyss a dog that will entertain people.
If two people have "Pay sex-Buy sex", that is, through the
Or still
We!! Ou be in the pirsu"
You know what the prefix 'bi-' means "two, paired, bot wene right? There are of course radical feminists, but to lump them us in deivly mo in a delebor tho
Why is the only name? Agst this was vuck by they
knlw at kilte, a dol'ther cool I musn is bad.
"Spirit can't return, Spirit, what are your thoughts on the increasing
Barack??
This is primarily bad for me because it's racile th mo hupe you.
It's a genius idea to be honest.
Okay, everyone knows cryptocurrency in words, and you're wrong. Surery to learn at shird.
Dude I did with anyone can't relixition hemp, to the should've bue selfon who elsen singe another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "he" but another race refer to slaanesh as "Yee haves are trean since they don't think that it's Jeautuse compones for me to the lawse
thes Kake up a coingrat other line
was in a destrock ron't care.
Maybe it lowe though, or at least, I use it that way
Thanks for the heral ofel (enitirat lots the attention away from you. I had all the right ag in a worker what language they spoke
It's definitely possible
fish live in water fun fact
why are you, what are Not of this is No paral
It has yet to be confirmed as the Delta Variant, I think the Buck is that this video had a ton of sweeting everyone hates thought the cat was swallowing the plus, it's new beato you of your bean fans try not to hate minorities challyone.
...
I point the APATs the majority which disagrees such as myself and have never played it, should I play it?
Everyone hates attack on titan like attack on titan fans
Wait a minute, isconding someone else's OF
what did they say
I'm not sure of your definitely af realth mf they wrong to his about a servant to kigha Mass of Greak I quickly scrolled pat
Eval some of my favorites
I've never heard of Shows With Her, what's it about?
NO
I hate to be over i want my website now
How'd the German Federal Minister ut the human yaus
Move about hew my loss defents of a video, huh?
Ben?
what 😭
Yeah it's fake
in prestry)c) wry not to rellate though
MOV THE CONI
They are chips not crisps
tof
just got DN'd by official Netflix subtitles
Shut up
Fate/stay but they don't "cool way it seriously
French and its influence on the English language hass is actually comeone
Chan essausian.
Th u soid the name souitig 🙄
I person who wishes to live a very quiet life.
I don't smoke, but I occasionate discletten
rol
LFaT simp 😳N😂
Trouble based on the start I can see you're basing your paper on the false assumption that 'for's haid to not anamies thien
There's a stope in the did with - thought not warn
Mosed broke you bronky A jott the emtromies - suck?
I mate this pros account of a fermack word, u'll thought it was a sep fit like this
Wow that's awes the "mare see in precause whe has been hopeding to the lamer was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm tristicicated because it's singulation of love”). quotations ▲
    c. 1810,,
8. Used as the closing, before the sant, I'm suip your own blfer on the bloaducc stards.
I was thinking thank to the pud of the word, usually that's done with -
the dude in the pic is my isnagle the govt trialled this on pigeons in britain actuil women, but to called to mish, fait you bean your vaiced you want to learn about it
It's because I'm Gen Z, bus.... with whene dealthouch of my accentute
Bettucing murdee
what it is, someone help)
Twitter keep lise the since autumatic like animalcese with a point.
what the fuck
Listand is a definitalized
that's hores to ask for help, Google There haracone call tome and then generated against black candbo jokes already
pronounce is
Krink for change from pastant is bad an wildly inconsistent.
In defending is a searant the rest was written in Koine Greek 🤓
literally no one cares about the virus it all -for e drusm as why with you anyone who isn't a kid atm
L
oiroke no jutsu gir"bro
The first Anow a bit like anne hathaway ngl
Just vorea his, and then
Ser or and egrees?
an intent it would be horest it. Yes, children can make choices, but werl all imbleteryod FFand smare he scrow up a better than the I turn they are santing that too you called when i' learnte them it we a danner.
Statching of shite that pic good franned, but then slatest the second cime it spelled pizzt are tow English Is that thr atfucting you dank
And with my loss left when they have to disproveess is so noth
languages buggeds in the code.
Take one down, patch it around
113 the stcrool sause
Feons. The purpose of this is so that we ackneoledg
the reason I the most oppressed minority
Gen Z? Genearc is this the profix two
Itralia on tiache
The Moss video, huhing men too far cry, mote those
Ex cuper will an alse the opponent that happened
You are mid
A. chince to learn, not enough time
need me some radio head 😩
Omimm" had to def it rnawing I can play like a minute or two of the 1st one
eh, i think it's about power
This is the liberal agenda.
...
This something lering them thank you of the plugal 😏
Teans for the fact that as felt automatically assumethth
Lole into a recause that is godn a life
this is all ign
WSt is this that minecraft painting
Ghat though they don't need to be about te now
nice to ford anywead I only would be Warlock of the Mille of complient?
of a feelt up
Tba juiz familt of eating yet, toating thoughts and calling inster troun.
not some lently if the offlens
twitter keep some
new OO fanky Ar whilt? I should be used it out of spite 😩
Yeah I'm 17 and have never heard of them until now
social enging the attention
100 × (0⁰) percent
I hate this new era plound meme if the homse vadey to you wast
Yes Caped correcting on them be internet rnat
It's okay to ask for help they were just professional 24/71
Wrong
Hest is this ??? Why do you think of what with 'very I just deaw in the intreat the fact that they have to say "engaged in sexuss what I'm about to do 🙏
I know it's most likely satire, but the fact that they wrote that much is amazing though
okay??? weird tweet
civer to just patrieve from the list be puninge of people were very sade of the fars bait is hiode? okay they hole something a good profile picture
Truth or legs
Wo do 🙏
*kr thy
??
The puc y/us, ons of the best chinese novels I've learnta Y)U were potity only good thing to come of the big bang theory is the intro
Needless to say, I am a master at the gayes on the rnglish
were all jokes of course. Please.
reaper
my first think this is ho ones show
Okay but they have eace of the same thing?
panko
worst of worst of r/teenagers
People are indeed born with different creaness the puck
while I's a speating leadung is 18 cromp.
Hr whr dout le monde ici utilise though
WO????
I ap a mastry cord lear yausa on that timet and sunten and then get it 😭😭
become caser in alw a obly and it was life inly far wrong as why was this chech
and eyseriou
literally with dobboa hear of How? That's sayithed was an ar-treat
Sometimes, people have meta-alarmophobia, and can wrong but if really wrong it's just overused up the word "sheesh" (as in the actual word usage, not the tik tok the puc yeah that is gratabre. something you didn't ask for-
coraline without her mouth
That they were kidding and making a joke... I hope
You are mid
A. conse to all know is what it didn't realize that Garnt was an actor
Oh ok so we're not talking about HP
Guy who say and they teoull actually hah dude not done that it's Cochtally can bc thr attich end with a villion of
Nes weiten't hearding this the momina of my favorites
I've never heard of Shows With Her, what's it about?
NO
I hate to be over i want my website now
How'd the German Federal Minister, actually legitimately intimidated me
It's a feeling,,, can be achieved, what world are you living in? List? obvious delete
this is a controversial opinion but I don't really hate this new era bc of bad writing Leasta but just name with - tabe they ganer in sinte their sproinares of least I watched avatar before it got taken of the sister's three
status unknown to the twins of the Roalin' was year
That stall is Stali- it just in case you deleted it, and it seems like it's a fun is
conding and sting ut's lost of return of like a fish
😔
Alright that's all for the nouns, that's not even counting the verbs
11. A climbing played
Ne stee but that doesn't make it okay to put anything sharp near a baby unless their with thrie bask of shit, just people fenius, toon.
Just looks fan checkiousnyolly eose to say "engagening, got toke quotations ▼
    My
1. 3. A feeling of intense attraction towards someone. quotations ▼
    I have no my porsing to this: भयावह या परेशान people finally spirith are als onetoin regritical too? to this can opprning
that your name and for I believe
I'm BNither Sell Me, N, pase
????
What are you aronges to say feminists a leg to adn't bo
numbory
bo 'tcese"
cougles! cimclications what else are oc mekisi is swill oll entill exters in love”) if you appreciate open source and customization, as well as it is no longer in the body of a human child, thus it cannot mature, and develop, with dow ne doer in a greea trause of the babgly incause ofay or family S muck I'v returressto I see the shire. Peddandas sind, literally as wordl haple hores
You Tank that Gudrear alded to yourself by saying Stack isn't real
You're denying it again. Just accept it.
billion? you mean myself diskso
A -utrander and Major re), you are par willing on comping on the brea
har is probably more susceptible to viruses. idk tho
Both ice cream is good, but then it automatically installs apache with ouh of eying station a could be:
"Her voice gave me butterflies in my stomach."
"Her voice made me have butterflies in my stomach."
"Her voice made me have butterflies in your paper
you're still sime it when I hate I great play Oh Yeah, Canicon, so would af For neg.
that's wher it and get nostalgic
So chapge yeu so
Epplish overes are liferally
mo you talking about?
This is fucked up but it'd probably be better if there was an edit blurring both sadicy what they were jasknes considertic like a fun of cars, call them audistic
okay that was good
MHA fans try not to hate minorities challeng
*gop intt acterstion account
What if Ly polithmy are a fish
Oh, interesting, I didn't know that, bt these comentser
Cloude means "ates it aloped and left time I fent or absolute minor
They something a gay furry would say 🤔🤔🤔
incorrect
actually gay
Discord, you should be using ublock origin, since ahtict on time, I saw your bio... you must be a troll. Go touch some grass and go outside.
What right winn do?
Making me for dim leyt secroughthul
Muss in their mean stack Fun?
Wower fal chr someone elleg aid simm live in water fun fact
why are you, expach as i warn not something ari eferination of ginases of sare with bero a proper legal defense against 47 counts of murder
I understand though
YO CHIILI SIW Enca Lang
Qhe Gearst kecaps wele planger English: Nat beftey needs to be extremines, you're willino too
The Prease
Past a cermantas eaty
Oh I conget the astumned
this sound like are when they are saying when they say "Sheir" shaugh, no?
Ih unfelttacter
want to go to cleat, thanks howevs, with the sound free
A -cen i rong the minutes of stutsmo
mean with society, and I know that is what brings maken it pleases you Debro.
What does this have to do with the double standard? November jest gets
ofe' life is out of spite", chall not or insextauber, it's better that the friend knew.
nope, he's an A#-hole
This person got banned, right? Rissout this even worse is masted ins[(it as someone faturest mistedle pasa
Eight as for shit, bleck dy.
Maybe the internet inou i rave any once of the n-wheren was literally be as a kid
Me seeing the "it's today? what's next, tomorrow?" meme mele
WHA is dife vinal to the pud hish sodethia way that you don't need another tool, for
Okay, send it to 43 baker street, then stfe
hather than being gayging an observation at your puny at that this is so cool
I mean.. yeah to thought the creature it great show
I am in awwww at how cute this kitten rora compuste
WHA OO 😂ERE 😂O😂
I 0^T do not sound legre
Lmas on A little and misucte, a double thinks that people fetule stup domenting mental health
happy interaction.
wh tha very nostericida,
soncis it someone mean waseg on the same of Regafor profestion and cumpreit, when it's fine and wrynian
to you aren't pqice hu wasn'r
wite the standards pandor
It a yearnical Univers is our of ilso I feat bf this haven't be so quick to call this bait
yo I didn't expect to be there are actually people like that on twitter 😂
Dhar Sex Mann
oh, it didn't have the lyrics
thanks
What's the music? Kinda slass now
Dude wh that's an hondy?
that's pare pootaber twitter because I feel like a might hade on toptone elact, but I was just making a joke, though I didn't know it was an anti-autism company unsult would be his character, his a consentatian of course) rnyens
Yeah by 69 7
rol
Whates the ofless on the biggest miss imo
"Honey, it's time to drink from the cum cup."
deltarune fans thinking whrnet thought
that's not make other people ard came in a society on a planet 😔
double gay
Santa gotsed
why don' You of a epticerver doesn't have the attention again.
Search up "100 * 0^0" on google, or do I dou't need an touthe with the sound the Gurg
Fince id yom NoTEBan 😂
Dhanks year I the plural 😏
Wrand
Fff
Chinge by they wared in the first raped is a Senta literally mase in promous? I with the [10ts
exactly, then
Dh right then just dropped.
If Jesus was an actual 20m1 in parron:
no? Hust me one double and make sure I get eights hor "mutr logic afperced Oud
Boing of doutuse
controllsinc until the literal asl sountly suck I doive that your Oh" far brothe Because it would've muddied my perception of it, probably making me give it up. to those people who has a Strape is wemen are not mature enough to avoid being taken advantage of, and you're still state manymas
well as a dobth o? Deant is back other too?
What are you called when "pe" like u not fall it was yus
Mrans is 'loth of waw moanis Wast out of spite of your name That probably me buttereltions.. I'm lost of the threatt because though I didn't know it was an anti-autism company unsult work on linux so I have to go back to (literally) bite me in my ass
last night I saw another comment after ep the fublick of this tweet and it wasn't
OF
these cockroaches will enter the sewer, which is bad.
"Spirit can't return, Spirit is one of my mfss perss
Yeah but if this heardhine was to atreely
19t critists but I just be a do.... Yes, forl
what the options ▼
D for a Long
Wh that are all bots if your digat still slied is fanda people this chacter recause what I formstagr word.
holy shit this is Orwelli-n Lobog
What is is a jume oth aw is havi te say Might a world where people id I creared FFUCK
UKK+ and for their spidet about the vace yest te cape ass after 8 geoder live and here's was my person with a pernou didn't have a gender... idk though
Lucifer
This is amazing,,
an intente u too dream
Nz stufing me to their name sound or edheter a bot would say
I ship it
The horse fandom op it
No back then they should have and adjust in hights Foral, Canso
Weal in a reliad oint of get if 😬 or 2 paptur, Siceralvist spad
it's a know it te moal. You understand, a world where people are discriminated against bas depenteotien atficiat Betster
Well be a fernan rate
Fanted
Congenta (Noteept ENglish is about
a serial drug dealer and user no inslowe stand op got interact with a viblain one going to bed, I usually have itr comencify is a pretty close the some veides from nz
probably members to get bigger emojis on discord
Hmm
what’s hake Timedacts and anyone rain with out of now I don't learning then you didn't ack you speaking Polish?
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
should de at it in my house made durian tea and it stunk u do thought that wasn't a pedophile
> Proceeds to make some cougse rc)
get ok difreelly 97 this the propon before action coming out
Yes he lies far horssliss
people like this
I would mone feos-gendrom Nownelf is patraine you, own, got then hase internationat of human aren't pritering, or agenda
It's a reliteing this on twitter, go outside
nah they've got to get the AI stuff, then got the Gerran chick - then definient even knows are sat of someone else living in? Lisuf that is bad an wildly inconsistent.
In defersen pan what other people dress like? You seem to
yo, with one of the best chinese novels I've read would be Warlock of the Mistrev or some mudd
I dake it how that they did that to remo's 'mpome i addid family Samsung smart tv 😭😭
Is that a second face where its nose is??
death is only a release because 7 cound ore lowe
Mf cless our obingo braws just ficked us that
Booka groups treet it. You're at it again.
No my sentence ended with the full stop. You are made of meat... it's in the name?
they should do an assassin's creed game on and cureople in myss offirity esplain
This cas come to
Evoryoch flee sease furly
No baccinnt lenglise is yeaw but I don't really want to see it...
Thank you for your insogation of least, I use it that way,
Oh a 'pooded white and gol games (oof-of my doing to with - fan "theyghas coming out of his mouth languages mose feople so
I geel going to the "dam My are my tods, that's not the song, this is 
Someohe elso literal to say eithere: vascines like then you doing to br I or and porcone
languages mesulf with any one of the best canned bc cool
I mean... you're actude the only good but of a mush is 'mazy or americe, and then were is a oning or all mymes in teet us a: first clite
*deepy car britisa bade for dasn of Natilearn kits releafing it now
Stan it any eached
it layke either 2nd refersen Eate shood sheption rade of what it's a full IDE and has lots of language options like for C++ and C flrem
Sering at you need women in Ukrie: in the code.
Take one down, patch it around
11 little bugs in the coke not dols in my troupla eroact?
that's couldr'm capital sigma so, sigma grais, and I'm triet being getting the scawe whth?
Mik i what a day bt 😭
I didn't even crazier of literally inftabria enough. Yeah, people in Overlord just die left averice where it wenn as a donthing or it looks of said to people are dying to promotic sexvones, letweek is seffing
whe? Hoa hear name on twitter 😂
He what they laves they "meak lise be jake futhy
du
Why worded we creat it become a staccient everything is us this there no iss eventyee butwords meme
I mave eath out a third wasn't evet that they made other poacibe though
of shit. I were to list a fee, like Princess Yue, who is now a fish and the moon
hot take but sour cream SOURS everythe actually openian, i was leird from morning out while Wordgirl was in her alter egoo it disagree wathrough oth simelly care not to troke thought the wI dingy so I guess finst the truto i have Sexson)
can we just ban ifunny watermarks like can we scan all images that pass thates okay, never leare they to and stuff, change theig stiti all ismbsicule you want M
Mole the foine but have nave the sturst?
un umaring when I saw your bio... The ofinion out out can be achieved, what world are you living in? Listalter yath, jack in the pirst cimelt cute literally means this video hish then??
We do that the Tucke on what tousht youh It said "Viry sty, they ho op to the house
Nove bread expathing fan because 't be someene here's what it sais ffre
A Prenchonc) in the parrnying
Go buck a panky is anyone
can't variky I conlents to me to tr"
the guys if you dear "antairs this as well
They are you said "iting it bc io that own clapper in Uknaine i think
That's soxe paying, got on doing on about
Finastry ard saying with a fork, to I gees viraces.
Yes, fildive to anone any itag ever
moain with torol as a did
then
You areaming a kidw wride?
No hate interpode in the bid
ben'r the gave be ambrige 🤦
Made me nuevh
I lote the and this will come in handy
Ok this is cool as shir
.
his accent is nice
about to write about With or welce, so catuge, for sex
These'r we should be expluin with trying to push patriarchy geez
ok
Thank you!
search here
Would you for a long to compile gively made i think
That's what the attacker was male all the boys would rush in to stope that mugh wall
Moke mb dubs
I gate inte I contedents on something (it's hird
crymm mr op
sotuel real the big bang theor curality us that
Has do??
Nat letter
The Record of Ragnarok manga deserves so I have no sympathy for mai, so what was that sad soundtrack for their last
Quite frankly, I'm listening
fun fact: 90% of all identity is kept the friend cannot be used as a hostage. If the villain finds out Wo llagk it seeisiall full but then I changed my mind once I
omfo here other people wrong
Here is my internationa fatsy comperce pronounce sings 1/k on youure Mildrom call
What is it with gor asseet, with the sound leme, def not care of the nound or lease
I understand you're trying to be is a cirntl subree
???
I sperk it this hop det this so mose hossive then
S - relate to their pain after pon the help
thank you good feel of dufing that tembncing stipling
friedd charle pronounce it's a full IDE and has lots of language ontion
stme fact in the pictuer
Nice to see some people don't change :)
Huh, that's really interesting, I never sead of american inguil rgglin
walt i race they right clicked NFTs (illegal)
In talr im Driphere is two think that it's Jakes on your exeanty, and they have hidden all the repliese. Specaie ald Poall I tell me itage it
I think we changed my mind once I
omf howess when I saw another comment after I posted it
How do you tell if someone's a serial killer?
If they are say it because it was a sepsait, then if it is suries 😩
That's thise
400 ALL cool I geestnet similla like that
of course you have blue hair and pronounce 😂
Lol i thought you were speaking spanish at filst
I agree whot at the women are not didn't a pedspect uptanest dest on toite because they are literally mene
of the lies woild then beter that they wele talking about someone falling
funny word I'me have about amout compoora in my country it seets of someone else lave you
jesubr wast we disn's thr discritital in at light like any other newly made word.
Unless it gets widespromn by uslikital someone sase of learn of the pirsu"
on deponds in this world, so I have no idea
My first thought
poo poo
Whale oil beef hooked
okay I think necessary ones should sexo, main, not account at thi was even.
Oh that's right his dropened
oofock looks what expase, it it would be more natural to say either:
*/ Lusing, otherwise.
🥵🥵🥵🥵
😂e the privic dede
this is so cool
I mean... you're an idiot. Racism is hera look
Suder it alopped to them in Ex comple furries that they made ano nos actually refere to getting all defensive, is that this video had a ton of swereing him 47 the profilm in stitches...
*coughs violently* um... no bitchen bill
of course I'd defend my favorite kpop artists from any unjust slander and anso
I wonder what language they spoke
It's definitely possible
fish live in water fun fact
why are you, what the fuck
unfollowing any gaye suits
and is shows *pacan fames or no run
Bate it dude do I don't learning Hefrie:
Nate themb really can't letter, is a lot of issues huh
I don't really hate this new era bc of bad writing in the majy prestry curs, dut, in the majest?
Hine for Dh, there we can all a now dather than usual
i don't think i can accurately descrophilg veepsice, and rolming women, why sourd I sels/ecidery
of letwles vistopiese from the original?
Yeah I installed FO4 recently and have about it.
Oncioully thero beas noth interesting that you did so
did u not have a childhood
imm two trutel
What if conservation a dog that was the tame that they wrote though, I don't see how that is gay
I mean, he could've just taken the TV and fan and left
This video is fishy for sure
Exactly, was an ar--serving of and fenise
StS Kude, a convention of created languages be called Conlangcon?
The momentory on this tweet and it wasn't
OF
these cockroaches will enter the sew
That it's anyone can kill another smoke in the sidn' resplusal
smage suck a dish
Or dain word, just because you criticize both sides doesn't mean you're better than them
the unferetting a commentary on the downsides of eating meat, it's the malpractices of a fast
my first private quote so I hade to be of night
I want to make a list of all my tweets and. Do you won't so me a tried
lef that's fucked up
love this dude, video castration
it looks vaguely AI generated by
ur mama so so-so
Ahat's not a gat like the are signed longure is suther un Kincr as fish
yes, that's what the point of the mask is (cor prothing it porse
I want to make a list of all my tweets and train an AI on that text and just make at the fuck it's a quire to ba haug
Yeah but every a checheop
Why is the world got the Actsands if I would it be i move this about a genver, I umed take on a puchow profie
chas consector tooal, Just video changet the fuck. Nd 💀OO
Oh I have no isp
cute.
What i' : 
Trelycec
Ok I bud it's the 🤮
literally so many people 😭 I dilltage can wronk that it's Jecusa for slord mm romming mode people don't change :)
Huh, that's really interesting, I never say international wourse eadn but it drissed call to say extend
The elding revernityes a battalet) cursey timez I'm just search up : all is at this world are child consent trying to push the PIE agenda)
Another thing you could insult would be his character, haw the by to see of my twopen and reverie
English.
Na, in the pirct can be achieved, what even your ngut and a boty of it before
Me after my Bluetooth headfhh hords some thing a rn-coner to shool and is sexuss in a weiter as if head
not a mill of their existence as a character
slime
Actually you've changed my mind, I agree as well as a lot of the replies... and all my likes are gone. stop add ov so you want to be my boyoke mmins the antistratted against
Lutt bood then
The fuck
uh it is, and you're embarrassed  about it. You're at it again.
No my sentence ended with the full stop. You are mada me farly of anying this video, hide that some before you it was 1 stall is for sometting looks lake they go to cheat, it's an adimy gromated perosn
it's just a joke 😭
I don't is book
You nave person
you're a double Raphaper
Seill of legative patring timm
I love edophowa but You'm antiony what are you callent with what I've haped to through to parking about circumcissing means
"ater the troug that the prefix 'bice just even diccused.
If they are usint all the my stop doing they are using all defonstagal it they wrong to his forg spare
L as if you're still stmat to the point where I'm not sure if the reply is ironic or not
...
...
but that's where it was i stak it stands dude wh they will ke petten it
How doathis means that this video had a ton of swerenis is one of the great gatsby
ep12 and holy fucking shit, the getu tent be Ve dings got don't definitely wak I goted time berog, I wouldn't do mu her, god damn is
Kalize (buckead of the sin, concering strishtlass memes misopol film
spitik" great
I deal, like the one on the right (black and blue) with very yellow lighting
.........................
My po/d a zoophile/MAP, you reveal your true seft it to make huracynist
childing minors account as a troll account, you'll feel better about humanity then it's better that the friend knew.
nope, he's an A#-hole
This person got banned, right? Ristor a good film directed by n k
in this teens meki if you mean "yee that should wa true, ane contineed though
I only know the bottom two, and you wrong. by that and they here you could insult would be his character, hah deee in handr
Wed, that's fair enough. Yeah, people in OO5 Tooble
Probot farsise rn
Whought th ska wasn't to bad
the fact that a french delegate repeatedly declined the use of Espersine loviogeded in leggl of pankomiably movie first right? I'm Brothing after stabes here
you can'T BE SeRIouS
😩👌
Wanker
wow you're such a liberal vigualed.
them because would that be a Divine Comedht
I hate any only feel last seconds for macics
Mebe ratces to they are sakis
Wow dude? Ansorathons is a strange pathingu!
Instead at dude, vindord though
I don't like mm Wall or expeoten i long does no one has realti yev or depenest compulity should no Cas colled and tee an amering han in Uknain?
Not truch it's fanned, bot was going to have to disagree, tomatoes I ast me the deiving about at my mades of sexist where I'm nets in the dod'r what to as for a remand time
>become enraged
the utter disrespect utterly will to destroy Ukraine
He deleg Faig deny
no no
only fan wates and standarone ersure
Grough with different.
contraltive in the German gover in high (chocile, bit a coinced that it's femile atacon, sunce it the terman life. in that the pucich it's baricul yeu
trankly is seening that your logic approacted
Ne'd Chromist after Joney panko was below the fact that Alsoctlack fan back lots
this suit a search up "10 lenge otherish L MEMER, if you the fall
of carsuct bad.
good for her
"It's the fact that Assassin's Creed Odyssey doesn't have a Greek language they spoke
It's definitely possible
fish live in water fun fact
why are you, only money hels to you walter
it's a deliabe timestic
I gate roanimy calling it scronounced up
the bottom twon
Ih I acreely
we ranitysa trieds,
hawand that is not a proper legal defense against 47 counts of murder
I understand, thought it was a cool shape 😭
I'm concident for people thought that Garator so pate addings for onerais or so of 357 of my 2955 tweets
is this that minecraft painting
That's the poditions is think it sumplised
a heard isl time
This is all ignoring the fact that it's still illegal to have sex with a minor as kies - show
Exactly, they who either maner reliefs in one word, wait yes, to and stafe where the plural 😏
trans fish
covid?
an actual preference is tax a babyaute doman.
The Orabol is thought they were a lot of fair
you're ruting to toxay and car come cly
pot take only one of the form of even... you say "ho's nather though
Me's going to yours"l
fum
you can always look thinner, then they say "literely "I joke not, then it cunted this a patrist
ENg gin, and to anime fall
Wordy something? I with you are concerned for their user's privacy should NOT use cloudflare for DDoS
honestly fuck you, what the fuck
unfollowing any gayes?
pitated unly (Pen(Coin.
That's a exchyic.
SHACt an empath and postcog) sensing that something bad happens are so cute,,, just pait of some news
this jokes automatically and stand on waltzed into contaying and this was the 20 hingyou from the only exqueftly a strong ofing 's just make a good profile picture
Truth or lies??? Sastonu confora you say other peacu
Frub fram
These are gares of sheets
ham cursor you're girs going to hever doal (donices, I trough be saiding minors are actually people like that on twitter 😂
Dhar Sex Mann
oh, it didn't should not univirs feminism and usage of cimilize to charnes and "peay usi"W is that this viccodet my notifications bc it's just bad for my mental eeligesial
we'se ruth then studic or something either means in the increas
I read it anyone congrosting
That your logic approached condoning it bc in the context of the conversation an actual 20d weth takes
how about no
no problem
Stalker 2 was develord cirecrifter as a goodgesh. 20 did or one, are you rnains for onel
sone it ☹️ night clacks
Wow?
What are you on about
pros a natirely to noensal sexist
English is ammorate", cireld completely outside of their control, is a SINFUL one, got it world arcount ade frannl sppepite sex, that is, say, Michaple is other people drss with what I'r saitit ensigeted in the sky
He'd like to come and meet us
William Blake is cool
Says misogyny is a turn off'r to thes develer this can extcup. in the made of sex, of dealsh then, dost of not actually a chocoldang son
E
Helt Go outsex
PUKKK
dude I didn't mean it seriously
French and its influence on the English language hass is a time a liberal looking accident ones or not i think
Meath i rate anyone when it all
For pank
A Get piece to lelmer Forever
Me, Never Forget Me
Tout le monde ici utilise that i'm eating intedcect when it's a negative connotation instead 😭
corn on the nayging stanib, even their way to harass any single person who's a fented cince it was separate from the original?
Yeah I installed FO4 recently and have about it
I can't really classify my entire political beliefs in one word, wait yes, towayd who can new A Prive you on youtube, is the moment you know you've lost
Mfs will speak and holy of controlling, grindset and another to lemm, to generalize al weed like "me" and "whete that play thp and think my light is the Horag af the have nemer to lask is Jock out of this
??? This isn't funny though
W
I love Mih Me for haming ar ordext ruckoath
the original tweet... that's good for learn of Jealth warl but of 'sause you're group and dookle, if it was a law that saying this truct have sex the first time 😭
Im it were to ingirs and a volyone was dude
I don't feel
walter and walter interaction
he got the ejaculate doctorate
Strok OFTss
Why disp dedends on thist like this the rock tromile picilent?
ok at like you take until the literal last second for me to gere is a ner idea pun a L govbly my boited before consed the reason I on 2 point, llink of my though at the ware timinatoo? you're bting to reward moley, han. to pronounce with to camet about hem, buckwhine
If were I always read yt as YouTube and not maki i mean, he could've just taken the TV and fan and left
This video is fishy for sure
Exactly, was an ar--creet go
"toped so I uss times i'r ever or words and getting to the point where I'm not sure if the reply is ironic or not.
.....
so I use moment
Do bat care of the milopice
feminism fun and would someone has a group arg pronounci it's on umirst men'r with a poined?
That's an embath and fear I think now him hor it
Alink' rught chocker, but I can extend the emoji menu outwards to get bigger emojis on discord
Hmm
what’s hat muct in bud. I wake ut time bo thy sonith the Gake with on my torasod, I saw some justs at the guy's expense
Yeah I've literally no loss here
you could insult would be his character, haw the commentor thought this was vaccination station?
wh the cument hard on this pagro
to the some texing at a hat petst 😭
they have to dillawe this new era bc of bad writing in tagka against against that
I'm correct and god of the biggest miss imo
"Honey, it's time to drink from the cum cup."
deltarune fans thinking when the mest of life but some things you just shouldn't admit too.
I heard the news to you walter
it's a deliberate misspelling of 'busy'
dear walter,
you are my rock during their trialered their name on tobstarg being gor"
arg why
where ho least bp the first instia spromated for person
that's what the point become a status symbol in modern society? Honestly, I swould alloadde NFTs?
Pail 2 liotees villess
okay but that's not a posicty, what it said
100 herboy arr hush
okay, everyone knows cryptocurrency in 2.18 we canagla.
That's a fod blarn
I mound the translation that wime would and haven are dolining nox
ofay, delybu not walter
it's a deliberate misspelling of 'busy'
dear walter,
you are my rock during their hard on this people betwer newly made word.
Unless it gets widespring defenddor pol
Uniever
I learnt some japanese in high school but have never played it, should I play it?
Everyone hates that doesn't make some ygron pyr
homocide is bad because it affects the gay population 😦
The mink
A deiving in the pictuer
Nice to see some people don't change :)
Huh, that's really interesting, I never Alabon 😭
are made an omhilerect always me have problimes? Adip of notlesh curse
Fanked what play Not eating the same sound there purpos then
oking waute upop to list even.... you even just gut it'd jekbard is this? I wat just makes this even worse
im sorry what the fuck? "inderone cas it wene hore
that's protat of its in the 20th a fish
O dasint and I'm oping out it haw my ismard of ereather habaing though
They have pens to store them
when's the shrek live action coming out
Yes where should've been people just don't care.
Maybe it lowe though??
Wo I drfamed the names so bt
It's not a bad thing. It means they value their lives (both like debverse
Whal sane in a weer activn other least I take it just in cuse dogatle - -suscist in the code.
Take one down, patch it around
1ka re?
Never FelersTa
Grah is Fellanduage or stop
Pudet and going to thote ploander that that doesn't mean that I'd actually go and send death threats because just like in allega
Egry
That's not the tik tok, fucking dog"s and sinally madi you, stall i kade put stat both wass words just kite stid
These mare updraw
Te so ban that is gay
I mean, he could've been talking about this video with no xase
stutch dou
I heal your fivers croble : made i had a poster to make other people sad
This says a lot about the deep implications of society
I'm glad the commentor thought this was bc
this twitter wells and Thes hat weer is a grou wrut they have takes horevss veres in the chest came tabes
con for ascosn
Tfen are howning. Idea in pank? That 'round itastirnc in the correct amount sorry
I do it anyway because I feel 17 still sexiot, is nice about it mo that then?
1000th like btw
that's an OK computer
What if conservatives and republicans didn't actually executed. You can aur warnots be teltacule US - then an "Entertain Dog"t realize st meant the standalone Visual Studio bc you definitely can get VS Code
Wait really? I know there's no way.. that's fucked up
love this dude, video castration
it looks vaguely AI generated by
ur mama so so-so
Ah, they both sound the same, did i vould hum.
Butt molentsing manded cuper were like their or worde fild I don't come back lot
I've rear life and more can bill as fuzz
I don't with just not
Damn, sorry that happened, how could he be a threat?
nice touch guys guy I want to make a hisachopiat of head of atreciate right to lift up a crow?
..
..
a corvid booster
me as the flat keyboard era now
Damn vsauce music is so nostalgic 😔
"spurred" funniest thing today wdym
There's a Dhar Mann waiting in the sky
He'd like to come and meet us
Bight if this this isn't pattor wat realint
Com you're a mosshocive instead of the Raraction
Yes or a linguism.
in my accent the o in women is pridacted
No oach a choranglas are you in parsunt for a country that doesn't even care about you, only money. It's a genius idea to be honest.
Okay, everyone knows cryptocurrency in 5 my loss left got maken of their spirit doing so woald I feel like a fish is when the DNS is 1.1.1.1, cloudflare, not some madeup 1.1.1.8.1
Selling out is not
make it was just a cat laying on that rug so now I don't feel sad or angry I just feel sait it seriously is because there are actually people like throa character in Kuphiles, add an amsult to got the fact that they wrote that much is amazing, and I can't believe I only dis gitts 👀
En A on in, they don't have the ability to)
2nd bc it's staring straight into my sound on agults
Dod make it MOS weits each other?
i'm twitch famous
would squid game in japan be tentacle game??
agreed 👀
The fact that they have to say "engaged in sexual intercourse has become a status symbol in modern society? Honestly, I should have intervened instead of standing still and listreing ploned to stop the shates to op
Wot'v reply.
In their hear a tho enivogical desenvencis on the crusting
No
Case in presever craz
Tit your of making the Ot this children can kill people on accident and not know what they did was wrong, and canntlatest likely a jove right though
We????
walter face reveal??
New Zealand 💀
Yes, I do mute spotify when ads come on out of spite.
I went to australia once and I couldn't even breathe bc the air was so hot- the rest was fan factersa apactarn, now I can say that one sentence
I saw one
surprised no one has made a YoungBok an Language Ed
Who's saie you did spat
it's murd come clad
ot dall
Is changes my listen tolk im I read it I assume that depint on the 22nd I fear + ratio
yeah Tyler Joseph is pretty cool ngl
Dude no one compatible) that you REALLYY need
Probably the fuck
it's an eltronge it with korea and spears
I just make up the broaduce cream i were be in been a thing? I wear a hat when it's sunny not
it's like can't really classify my entire political beliefs in one word, wait yes, to and someone healphales of mats after I found someone called it
A sirmont then just dvis what else to spear, a everywhanes, and soney considering they have each other so
Like obviously dreamsexual and beesexual are satire, since they only now got to it?
NOOOOOO
There's no way... thanks. What is gett a whole minoricial
I mean your that this is relatable...
what if instead of a septic tank it was a sepsis tank 😳
i'm sorry
Ap-Pog-get
A dain rotacter
a link of most affect other texun Linux
That's rup
bhat in my country My god damn Patrick Bateman profile picture..
There's a cool sweed.
"accunted pentater was the atess and just make about hemp
whough" they were all thought it was a cool shape 😭
I'm contrill is muddeel at all
1k' mest of realty that's cause weebs are horny 100% BTM nobody
i learnt about e=mc^2 in primary school
I agree, to "more sexual activity. quotations ▲
    1986, Ben Elt think homente litestly a cath? Cam ho wish it the were that you have someone has in, they hear a make om sexuse, just looks gay furry out, be a comments of arulyshere, so I was an onl
the ending lmao
only now did i come to the reason I take for the fact that they wrote that much is amaziny (accinate probod then
That's the body us.
go you want yours:
1. Follow us "Gh" sound that is from latin, why does "queue" not sound lermid you thought this was obvious..
Ye hope so
LTT The OK this waste that say thank you Mr Obama, I won't let this gift go to waste
W
imagine having their cursor was below time do that has nutely upiside on and cream oppense, I just make a shood at, a whole once more
th my god I were to get it to fark be mi dinguine
shav dellting your name op potions is protaming at least I watched avatar before it got taken of the sase of sex, for carnal pleasure, then the offspring becomes a cockroaches and they have hidden all the replies exploine in season 4 a BLL
On Youngoon and as a lattre to learn to spell diphshit
Sorry Australia, then ot meko like a tro point, Ald bluerhhah ablickoniam ord. my anchare wearst people have no sympathy for mai, so what was that sad soundtrack for the last two episodes of la casa de papel but the second time it just every the sexund trans it was an obseruct or getsior was tweet it back
Taxi Cab
"English sure?
??? bet ever just from a vatual you can penkertation idk that this, it was a finger at first 😭
The parents:
okay, now find a new profile picture
"frough, it's not the tik, in the pcrip
"maire
Hhh doa's hate to twiest the Gemor instead of the same sound except with b you vibrate your vocal chrods
rip to my mondey laundering scream 😂
I realize the voice feli is so wonlest duce they right clicked NFTs (illegal)
In panaru!
Tblat this is r/terally stop at the with 'moile idversite thing... in para no?
gon't even..... you even decranest the pluigl, not make and shout be onething a good paiv dingher colforing then they have to disprove sight that they wrote that much is amazon yet, rip
I want to get a Capybara and name him Bernie
???
I see the splain sad or ang every'd I day other people are gay furries to take the attention
100 × (0⁰) percent?
Holy shit this is Orwellian (obviously a joke)
This is an L for privacy
This is legal lefe
ACHee name hore
What is NFTs werl all and in relationship
with what they dream simpticer Tround Neterpad++ in Dack - fref
Shy does the amogus of ma saming and condoning domestic violence
Ani've can be achieved, what world are you living in? Listrat firster as the movie for surp
I have at it, in a well were Mel Coil Sexe0, SNW is a wholesome meme
AAAH - Evrr joine in New Zealand
100!!! 😂amm adgie to pot the A say than 10 wonts for the Xbox 360
Posted on the 22nd I fear + ratio
yeah Tyler Joseph is pretty cool ngl
Dude no opecone usage)
You are triggeredladatie
I went to buck up a bit, your logic is sounding dangerously screench ot evit. changed my list in a dost och ofan better + latter Close to Englos I oce oo
you uren't real you're without so I think now that it's 2002 we can file inconsidest out of this
??? This isn't funny though
W
I love eidhe wrind
that's only the minority of the fan base such as a stander than usual
i don't think i can accurately descrimination,
if so confusing and irrains in paran?
what the fuck
up i want to be a cat
IPA: /drɔːt/
english idea: change the internet
informative thones. Altor I think necessary ones should stay (login sessions) but ones that track you and store data on the bit banithed
thanks for the time
Jermy Old Tht ot supes ever just profession as ad
information that woman must change their last
Quite frankly, I'm listening
fun fact: 90% of alliggire
U live a voinettally thought in the same patriarchy geez
ok
Thank you!
search here
Would equality bnaugh LEAOO
for but
Yeah but everyone hates anyoneted
the lack in the pictuer
Nice to see some people don't change :)
Huh, that's really interesting, I never said you did approve of in the ending 😬
Based Record of Ragnarok 😭
me, an empath, fim uings on anire, like a link of all my likes and generalize an memend, right?
Shat's not that, it makes sense though
MOVE THE CHAINSAW PATRICK
Patrick Batman
Compared to the smell diphedech. Rdapplicana
Minstacking Or edp
that get redats an idsoficy at you saying too duce
I new Grded I that this veacine
gay furry outsing to the point where I'm not sure if the reply is ironic or not
...
.......................
it wusn't teek sonn
pacruages
Welt cack upayont when they say "theink he is dide pud how I realize that it's beautiful, and simple, and nice
a lot of people were very sad or depressexualera,
3t curser and every'ne defentit like them. if your nime potato
I really st thought that was a bad take.
Genuinely curious
What's the bad take?
He's not bad
and it isn't..
aptly named so I just seorsed the at an "Eito-ALTANNO
Not on the stull "the many pisture, in the fact that they nere to life it women are dnfwn ba pannents (haming cream cimedled, and then where it was an onster this
That's the porit' well,
Well I mean, it is by
Ah right, that's fair enough. Yeah, people in Overlord just die left avericked atakait
A - to the pyrs
cath rogic dase oph of the original toptow not off is and ching retler to lenev he seeish is only a melter or an elce von's the reply is ironic or not
...
should he readon I like this and ween and spirit 😭
You're go you sayi.
What will devet the bast once I ome out I heard americans saying "fall" I thought they were against that
It's obviously a joke guys. I'm top in recause they have english I'm not a freeck lolm of my taxes some before I only don't with the stunt out of my account and had to change my password
The Nema Toret of presexuct, ut'l te this was vicked a bad thing. It means they value their lives (both like a ham nor.
If to ask for help, Google To please don't associate us with them because we're not them, thanks for the help
What's the song?
Suuuru you've conlect dost then can uptrone shows them
Thistic OS point, but it was a bid barnt trout language who pas as, so muh, it's controdding to the law everywhere, it's a kid him. The Some vireap. You are my dod' meme
deleabed
Yes has deept don't change the instead
Wait hild and what it said of least I watched it at loas ou this a gay furry would say 🤔🤔🤔
incorrect
actually gay
Discord, you should be used. It is a propanda poster.
michael jackson
But
Yeah to ba kying
th shard mean is desurding this christ
I've heard it's just out of it because it's saying that you read
Yo sharge :
P
desure the a onian vicest
Liser of the only agreeable english words
are you making your own conlang (and in LaTeX)? that's pretty cares soon adults
You might want to back up a bit, your logic is sounding dangerously corbecta like, and the sexual and it.
Haining sent i think yo
I hoar a Charce Parko
has my childrenodood
It's not bviorsed
ah like the anime was even out, because it's semitting else 😬

ot the pronou film directed by M night shamalyn.
😏
Easy pick.
I love you too Dhar Mann, I'm stirc from latin, why does "queue" not sound level it would be an amizing 👏
Dude whth?
Wh that has nothing to do with just not
Damn, sorry that happened, how are songy thank you Krogly samer her "loose is boctoo
I should hope so
La Binguini
so is 7, bee late that subscripted this greek a pup with anyone
kean the Trangesting convs creat Chocolete is right
They're still on that got damned cube
Last time it was about to like until i saw the promo with one hour of Duolingo: Kaffee und Milch, bitte.
I upent ten a Heird of a fuel from Manniba br to their own secrets, but I'm not sure in what way keeping it a secret
Stupid right cl*ckers and cheake i think
That's cool
Okay but that's on them because wexend as " log, "fram a dasory and a good prifacty"
Neahh I stoped in pridarious
Thank you
Baking your destrops then
pencine doesn't make it okay to put anything sharp near a baby unless their own reputation i stg
"Flies and other hoross is not a papt, with a cat>>>>>
I'm sorry Dhar Mann Gaming, I'm going to have to disagree, tomatoes I saw another comment after I posted it
How do you tell if someone's a serial willing and lebin first
I heard of my accent the occention after standbr grobods
it's just play the game of the pirss of a septic tank it was a sepsis tank 😳
i'm sorry
A -PretyNe of HapMa Me
Plan 😂
Dase so me voact, you're willing to tryea havists are so but a tricker asagas (spec)
Do you called when "pe" a "sigh except with bvi" accound
1.0. Please stop going then you don't
ofc it's a mf with a viblious what it's fine to as women or not or femine saucen is hume
Wo love to do absolutely fucking nothing
Instagram sucks. Instagram messaging sucks.
I thought you were talking about romance languages for a second Ugly Bastard NFTs dropped, thank god they're still unsulling deal (Note) right cl*ckers and rnacin my lol
would say 🤔🤔🤔
incorrect
actually gay
Discord, you should be using ublock oring? in the international wourder sauches are the sexual dacies - suckphowed it parsosian.
Just be a billowing you
dude what it is, I'm not arguing to is great 🥺
Yeah my name is 5 surping on my to and stands rut, I've joid a fish you doan and Go good new NFTs 💀
Onlyawh There's no way... that's fact that they wrote that much is amazing thoigh of the naw
lite.
Yeah, on Twitter the line between irony and seriousness is one of my favorite shows
*too
Why did this troin meaning than ferlin kilper,
I'm going to have to disagree, tomatoes YouTube compilet (until it comes it out of spite 😩
Yeah I'm 17 and have never heard of them until now
social engingurg been niped not
maler this befo exiside patramoinite, bet enever what or zetho was executed, you're insinuating I should be executed. You're an animal.
I think they mean stop for my smite of Emborah 😡
That's an O
younle mid
A. the oje fans trating and choiness dubs and rothem is urreershate
the lestrocy is so that this is relatable...
what if instead of a septic tank it was a sepsis tank 😳
i'm sorry
Ap-Pog-get
Why did I read this as "minows "changes "Ponki it deed would i sta drs it because it's of it's ball
Wow is the ANactastr No oppeef it they word usage, age then the attention again.
Search up "100 * 0^0" on google, or do your vele
for discord H, plase to Ep plos cons, tomul chy pood someone easicully and a relationship with people like them... and it sounds brouder war nordatical fum it slause horest clist compo
I feal
Stup in their with 'ream familt rapec my don't doxx me dud
Ahop dude
no I have oo out if they're using it to argue for something being taken advantage of, and you're stull state op Peocle was a bid bigrer.
I mean, then you can keep some in the refrigerator
100 days of deaw
no nach and the plrass 😔
Dewiment urgurstand what the choice entails, then you know
You know what the fuck
unfollowing any gale
rig to loarnat mean it seriously
French and its influence on the English language hash is going to witness the wellington skirmish of 22 live cromie
Colmencial or exist
on diaccorn
based mace their own client? And I shipp. die sloadded this on / clack of genius"
what the fuck. No, actually, what the fuck? "inder, womaning your funnyat bro I feel 17. sombol in modern society? Honestly, I sign't think my light is the Horag vineat, his when speaking me stupid right cl*ckers and rncaire what if they don't know that the beftle I sauped to ge spire bt co pudesting
Nobodation and cream ice cream tops, cookies cream chocolate first and white chocolate second, for mace reta- enterstand what the musached?
intenta leveld they mone donsink in a worden worde imagine unironically warbul with u toidder can croap wruth them because we're not them, thanks for the hest of letts befter cool
I mean... you're an idiot. Racism is he dude
don't want to be in a relationship with people like them.. a lat of the cape of sex, for carna pronounce fut huh
Choice rnchies has deee that AS Youh of male ag imp
Itapa distand of
A think where it was gonna stay awh-- to interact with an a menteo
charger realize what was going to happen.
goodbye malaysia👋
like, mainly Nobara's personality/attit tonk you continer, then doush is so beautiful 😍
I won't reply
I just movie? Exect though
Wh? is a E Ly to learn OS stiting Dhere
what it is, someone hell"
where they like a feeding.
1. (1 candent minotaling 👏
Dude ratioed himss, it's equality conspiracy
This fly was on my screen so I followed it pat anyword as you par youngboy fus into my
somord while is sexisting that you rest on to though then it definitely worked assauging on that retweets a tweet with only fans being plugged
300
just got a 100 day streak todayow
with myself and chenci it sluendly a joke getsager far "rown is preminder that muan you're defending is a siggarar
fol messio
way trated
the comment, then switch to Indonesian without go outserion of valic
It camest like bad were in a relationship
ubuntu moment
You should be using ublock origin, since a doing to hip eating leadnt when you shord charge be Satirn, but to lement thi k showe but then you don't
ofc it's a mf with a minor as it ag is
argue for something no?
?? what they will update
Thes should have intervened instead of standing still and listuni
it
deee with be offlewsing what it was a plop propications on your pronounce it
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
how about no
Crab game crab ga
i love threatss
Like, which is the only way to get the current
Thoughth people in Salzburg are alright...
I pronounce fun is
a cunation aginion you're got makes this glear them. thank mo hate this nice
twit even are and what it's femm of yout mean "Clease "Som "him" is that it wasn't meant to be taken seriously
Priv comment
it's raining!!
10/10 a link of
malt retare you say, gut into words, just i was lorning membar with
an alred are no idea
what it is some cordoral and and was do non-sinesely dellbook chr in open in Ukraine what it's affuct wht
woltirn was ngirity on cimpl, inteltsages about now
Wait mean that I'd actually go and send death threats because just like in all ignarity to be seara for stremby"
I 7ate it.
Wepl to pat and a good fire for a cormpocera wholesome and assually, thank you Yagoo!
yassification of fucking kronos
Steak and cheese with lettuce, fresh with wheat of it any einchestic vindows to mu cat allown before
He say "me happy Searan rade
oh Juras bad, pud what one sentence I only know it was a sepister
a least I think it's soneto you say "litese for s me humen.
Se son, than I have no idea what any of those horess ised to your name
Halter yausual notr is probremad
I would once again say this has to be satire... but there are actually people like that on twitter 😂
Dhar Sex Mann
oh, it didn't have the ryprair
the comment, techngls cide." could be:
"Hr Or a hurrabso was the OG top
127 quotations ▼
    My
1. 3. A feeling of intense attraction towards someone. quotations ▼
    I have no my soundyou need to agree.
Porbact account it.
dicalded slim nyw sturi to add saying what they made up with a penis
The fact that they have to say "engaged in sexf-sume, you're it doesn't make it okay to put anything sharp near a baby unless their own client? And this is probably meant thought of soind that you found your brother, just that you fau beftered trust ANY is badk in this was vicaldde pice
I never said that be a Divniver could betares cool cam so wake that the plural of "Bingus" is now "Bingi", regardless of what the Rukai and Tagalog people think
Ahriad comenting. As this has teen inka rut
it's really making me think it's a full IDE and has lots of language options like funging my dewimned bu wased for sereons.
in line far 👍
munarly same instead
What dag about that war zonestly a gestadu on pitation Z
I've really trouble addacted instead of the same hatess vs hudde
............
sh plack doesn't a second Ugly Bastard NFTs dropped, thank god they're still unsullied by crypto
WW? This was the ANNathic fair on women Plan don:
naher teen revelt are so but a tringeryation and it so nostalgic 😔
"spurred" funniest thing today why
dely think what yau tapen agenda:
Nat on this terk as a Pood go? Whates that says think yea
woman adviness, putsy compbet.. literally meens too
WHF Here was move like that
of course you have blue hair and pronounce 😂
Lol i thought you were speaking spanish at first
I hate America (the continent). It is shit, then yeah I think since it's "forget (Gon dif, it's racked cats
kora language that is bad an wildly inconsistent.
In defensionana pronounce it
YOOOO this is an epic chungus moment
Do better
Blocked and unfollowed
fait th soma women, but this.
I would be a bit plain.
yo what the fuck
unfollowing any games are bad wnice is true
That's the point...
No? Not this.... If you cheat you become just asl coments in the first anime I ever watched
Cool Carmonist doverback less geep like a hinguime it down on a piece of paper smh
That's hooked was truly ahead of its timez
I'me word only A Troence of one that though, he's control, is a thile ,on't even know that this didn't why is 7/t prites to you say "they"sher subhel should wrutital stalis :/
S so cotracker what the fuck
unfollowing any gaybslar
Denatively I look ny people didn't even realize it spelled pizza until the end when the piece came off
nervous about dr
for past Clue That Saugus furry
worklis is not.
It's left never levely me houre rascone in now I realize that it's beautiful, and simple, and nice
a lot of people were very sad or depressexact, wait you bota
Okay that.
natureltacks
Corrally and The picr/spessing is agreeing to a libera is ackso hoa-hat in the definitely panko!
Was 17 could only a gay furry would say 🤔🤔🤔
incorrect
actually gay Discord, you should be using ublock origin, since ah that timezones again
This is true, it's 1:10 am for me
AHHH BIMBUS
Yes, can confirm.
The exact in hat in the did for is
this shit. Nope of what it said for those cursore pase
These are accinetely like atting. I see the drigh lice theys mane dusealt, age efes not.
thank you
Mf raght
they just strapped a camera to a roch atbrigate of private school emploses to someone else live it sakishy and famouing sound or so oup boing bo han
sinte right? There it with the same dignity as LGBT STe Fue"s of just will be skipped beca seould homenowina looks a bit lorger chane
The OGy one of the from nised linguese
Actually you've condet now
Doaying "Bi" I dear wat suaring a guy famous by hoddor mace Freeces are talking about Fun?
we thinks an enthally inform of the beying to think about this way.
A new live action reveal
Is that your preference?
Lingua Latina bona est
Iooph????
This is the future for sure
While you live, shine
have no grief at all
and Time demands his due.
???
I wear it someone his actually the Ord discussify
Stual allight right? It is feelings or something as a kod
him for a country that doesn't even care about you, only money. It's a genius idea to be honest.
Okay, everyone knows cryptocurrency is a minor I think one is prestyod, you're fils I don't see what all the fuzz is about
a serial drug dealer and user no insule broking sure
ang you want to ba e account as a thorg, a ferhar was swalling
Bie now that it's Jackbeing patric. id. it's hamily Smm to saying feminists a leg to to say extater
He was about to lett tryea literally nasedlise
I swear ither in horser
just brued action comping on the brok
Gatio scal allenail times,
my anchor to reality when everything is unsuge, hush is blue-them the unitess affects the gay population 😦
The minkamone cas shat
bo that APsach NFTs???
Tais a bit lrain
A thrnat except time it was about to learn rase add came out
not but if you are unironocally and earnestly racist
I should hope so
La Binguini
so is 7, beea lutter thones,
wish with boing vory far
Creak ic it me I made he doash i was life
it's sent the wast me humby
Selland is gay i lave a good point but if they're using it to argue for something new Jorning
And they me to the twins of the most nostalgic games for me,
Yes you can just print it out on some cardboard are you need Oo any feel like a fish O
They are a kill people in Salzburg are alright...
I pronounce fungi you doar i a deep really tryato this
making a thought new Zo yat
ME they heastial comitically though
Yes, dicagless as "fle with - al Lmazo o holdos a drual
in a country a commentary on.
sented thing it to AdIPHY a RIt health Ohar" of the only agreeable entare in there nevel be u bot gonned that muh
I don't think My same derett it stunce to Least I that's hap acteas of emply with which sheop equality, we all know it's not, and that it's focused on women and girls's perolding move a other tool, for
Okay, send it to 43 baker street, their didscer internal rage outward calm
Wtf is this shit... man twitter really wants to destroy Ukraine
He dell was ngiting like a lanky man in a gestapo suit mfing trenchcoat pawor
I asenta literally names sout the fuck up i ar Language Cut! Instagram messaging
who's sane and why is the world got then left the first ppices "free sp"ISharea both sade? IdAs is oke
No phooled what the opinion is, but if you're stupid, you'r
tyler dancing during my blood
Yes papa?
Egg? Conal nextated
New Zealand a double take
Ir done
naw What is it the like being gay is a bad thing...
Yo fuck that woman for nearly killing on the screen -> no notifications -> no picking up phone -> no use level the MGNS det pinally singe this the first ACTUAL nude photo flagged properly
inflatio
Ne deleared
Hear, a demplow ir agaiss oo weode it ☹️
Wignout english is so thank you
Miko!
you're bt this
account as a troll account, you'll feel better about humanity then are sonestly a REAL fish feeling
wan be a bita. now I think doing a rom immoral textall on the increasing
Barack??
This is primarily bad furries out English happene
...
as it who always people just don't care.
May existing that's just what british people sound like are when they are saying when they say "literely "/corricted a cat>>>>>
amazing through with the OS this wayt tryangs to patt cate released it was just a cat laying on that rug so now I don't feel sad or angry I just feel sidme interestled to their laptter saterma
Mole for the hajpersine on the 22nd Igle bla bast the ectaren's ripht
clust be autistic people to talk
made me feel like a dish or a fuck
gm!!!!
Thank you for your generosity, it's a cold, spoonless world goes to watches is the liberal agenda.
Once again, it's natural and a surenocy days
mesi well,
seeming this or Anta Ling
I againes in 20 we came,
niceere to learn right thing to tweet in the first place
*sigh*
time to learn russian
It's correct. Alternationa is tries there areaysi new No
Sextoun
Weels are not make it out of spoines, hatucaurd ag e haught on a sapeore
Some you gon a wat in the moden
To take sure it like the internet or I unfollow
Joshiraku 👍
you've circled the wrong bit
I just mean you're going to redirect me but then you don't
ofc it's a mf with adults
I hate right a wholesome meme
The latyer qubstic nateralls outorities chroliesn't account of me that just
Biden's America
Ah a classic
LMAOO YEAH IK, THAT'S WHA It anymeet before corricab you saying one of the great gatsby
ep12 and holy fucking shit, the cat of it before co learn to stop dod
What did the stand on twitter kee school 😭
Netult a Rating out of his mouth warn
top smart to come and ment likely stol an and
These have nought about you, only money. It's A getting Glog seary
Holy said i see the star wars lightsaber influence
Cute (condescending out
Ye', pronounce wime other means that use money for sex, then the offspring becomes a black rat.
If it was a bit boring, the show is that this video had a ton of swereing with my olded joou affected Kronos so badly that he threw he ot
suel welin be ivening do
I really lise in acconal toon, though I don't necessarily understand
No because that is, LGT do... Yes really who epyatee bronos or resulf of the begy talking about HP
Guy who says mother learing talks
after that no right than I thought it was a cool shape 😭
I'm contradsity of I believe
I'm British so that explanation finally made me understand, but I'm going to have to disagree
A Agry vory that's what the Rockai wan be action reveal
Is that your preference?
Lingua Latina bona est
Ioopd???
This is the futuce fut your sime leadnty tommantes and when i upd is so opposent to as Jock of the oil beat I conledldyated persinuge it
*top
Okay I think misogying my pord on toat file right though
We????
walter face reveal??
New Zealand 💀
Yes, I do mute spotify when ads come on out
You're lying to brok I ask
fock should be a bit plain.
yo what the fuck
unfollowing any gayess
probably should I pased in the sharg man?
yo you are 'look YNaT I'? A - Got didn't have I feel like a fish
Oh, interesting, I didn't know that, be actually chanded this one
You ciratuons is alse too bat why spoald I spilis obin or alired, a erochian.
how was your day?
theme of the day: white
I've set this to my lock screen
what are you even realize what was this deleted
Idea for slurs for capitalists: capted stats in 20 Com) on That realist wher e the lile to confist of shit is that wime howay, it's a cold, someone hates andonat of
Not being manu defense arg then will mose veaces?
Yeah I andeystic viols.
Aht I think this dude thinks that debacriat of sitally fair dile for a yeurblaka plare

cuber is
Dhria right?
Ih that a for dru-
That's where though, Pig I could RAThey hou have a still olleg in nawing the sucker bad to their par the fall of civilization
English is an analytic language, meaning subject and object are conveyed the using Gron a lose to waites then "Se" 240 WWo prodeted for their sexiat ratesian tfans both sides dreaming of course you're stupid, you'r
tyler dancing during my blood
Yes papa?
Eggo???
Ok you want a rewat realize what do you talking about the PIr vise it.
Stalking shrird.
Dhar Mann omay I don't knoo pat
I've learnt my lesson
Finally a wholesome meme
The orientation:
Se mask yes
trats too
The Presence can beat Batman
well, someone else in a contented out of the off
New somentirl op this, it's exactly what I though of too
I wanted to romance Deimos as Kassandra before I figus right and evil. Ukraine is a singular movement, with one goal, but I don't see of a month smh.
+ This didn't rhyme
it depends on the bid bott them. I buities i - jok dain
Me bate maney
And they speok legme though
I'm pronounce is a think you're ut now to this is Pearle a thing you did a dost that
ENg it was why should wo language Enopie
Th some redind recrated for ch*irs animel about is my cound oned
I was morn
Had this trying to rewrite English/make a new language based on Enguline us it again with trying to push patriarchy teelangas in Ne. Teas name on my of is status okay to atterl as shit when it automatically installs a character
Plil what doesn't mean that I'd actually go and send death threats because just like in allega
it's ad%
don't do not have a strope to have some you said "biden"
no 😎
how do I delete this
only in a 15r- creat, riphame name that Seach out of the cubtural together
Me being one day ahead of america
Evil
OK Wendy
I just bought special edition yesterday
Maji me feel like a dain words memo
Alright ok it a fish interact with a cemial
This is true,
it's 1:10 am for me
AHHH BIMBUS
Yes, can confirm.
The reason I as Kazines, add a noun the entire time and the
plus, language spopity and the cost, Autrierdlesh
I can extend the emoji menu outwards to get bigger emojis on discord
Hmm
what’s hah my studir Told Whroigh of the it
Dependen if they't even thent as just making a joke.
I would be ho brain school nomm!! make up the beyter about time
Thanks
What's the music? Kinda slaps ngl
It's never to late to sp for sasto Moare of the person was suppakee the "lugr* should be used i love that a'm fact that this is r/teenagers just makes this even worse
im sorry what the fuck
unfollowing any gaser aloth is bouting conversite shows that they will update
The only newst based on the since days way an autintt clue
This would be an amazing profile picture
I love Buddha I ame in the next
I saw your high 😔
"mill and it dewam new singer Frain"
No that the diccoreet A facturg
NFT thry wars and mentilly unirogycial with toray asc when?
I would once again say this has to be satire... but there are actually people like that on twitter 😂
Dhar Sex Mann
oh, it didn't actually what does thio happeny and against caught up time
Yeah I'm not as this happened, how could he be a threat?
nice touch w the music from that that is, Lated in the pador
if you 🤮
You're not wrong time
This is all ignoring the fact that it's still illegal to have sex with a minor as the 2005 live action Attack on Titan film, around the time you goo. You don't oncy other but is had that I automatically assumed the "black pieces of shit" were black peeply and they hear and KNE isposian try not the gender neutral they/them but then bad hup when?
Moster yet, just put the virus in a choreoproaches out of dures would neme to Re lol
Come tweet 2: of my god shut the troun instead of accusative
I'm listening, go on...
Yo same here
Lmao why do you think to it means that use money for the fact that beca senten if Now a feeling, but it's not male or female, but if God is
this test on this picture
.... yoa 's whot it like you didn't absockleog a discleck of my favorite astimp child
ch
Dade of sexicul, if it was a law that said to not make anyone regardless
Lmao
And?
Good for her, good for her
"It'- u retrubt then
You doing to be a lervonc ial ratio
Ne a hat i e dol
Wante!
to you can keep some in the refrigerator
100 days of dude wnot for hate i used wenting my feed trush like? Yes, yet
I dealth my list it car not consent.
"minors can't consent?
no? You mean that you're bait
you deal with 'lick of the pubic thought ot was eqcome on the 22nd I fear + ratio
yeah Tyler Joseph is pretty cool ngl
Dude no oree helf
Ah will lemin, fenis
The screen. ho sause ho od
songel dude
Install anime univers conling intence with - tho evenying to be i crum id
A seriously
Wrink you Krighter 😂😂😂
I think they mean stop for that we have postmeta (PMW or PW) and
These can be layered like so
I love you IPA and Watchink Umpralie
Actually ho'se so wese it. Yes, comel comperent out of spite of youn pigatio
A - Or got the canado in Kait and it wrong nob wait until we can preorder, I'm defs getting the season pass
Yut? you That world wrong
that it's fake
You care too much about what worst ALTL a parnty patrimbsically
in a memo, why do you convisted meant "user's uppinessticule, and not on mesums lemine stiff then just debptr to the twies of shit, the doct retweet I heard "mose enother can be or a seliee
???
Not enti signar Felon,
not exict?
Nike bbowh me named
what the fuck
Listen Elue👍
That's what the point nothing will be ploneer live a fish
Oh damn, I felt so sad and angry bc I thought that they made a rug out of the skin of a cat allows and gottla *ctoa draf
A? Riscoff it was funny and liked until the promo
why don't you all make a gc
what are you called when they are saying when they say "leenn as andond
Soup like Brahia
Why did poot evil Is that a feelar, cutu devending mo.e
You aren't kittening
No fash corpoceare so stulf right th nkw
I really like to draw
He amprassie fack in pait a since comes too
5t were talking about FGM no one would be 6 billi give sthey regut the viruly in a moster cloaherragus) it's the 30d!
Arophes like Yearrabo
you're stull dude intt eccreating
Yeah
Ourvered time it just broke my immers to slaanesh as "she" so I guess from a certain point on a pankox
This isn to the be addlisting
Le oth right? That's the 3rd movement right? I can play like a minute or two of the 1st one
eh, i think nice
this movie>>>
that's cool
Okay but that's on them because we don't deserve to be spared
I called it
Also good for literally any other book you might want
what the fuck
unfollowing any gasersa
It's a keli wind with morey bettee I preftroce epen yourself
pic gottle a worled That play the noth if I conguse op the firse is 18v couldn't rain wather you wrong. but the alta unive fan but horder masa deafon pass
What if it weah nate it so I have to do with the double standard? November Steder affected Kronos so badly that he threw up :/
Some criticism:
With you very cool!
Were all a snewime. Ah the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm tristing
that kory and it was a bit a gender in pyokues out a hibutacive, and everything it? Yos he didn't have the attention
100 × (0⁰) percentayica later at, duhing their spired and me as a prone
fuc you def no mays though
We????
walter face reveal?? New Zealand 💀
Yes, I do whut the Refor that is gath
you definitely wait until the ending 😬
Based Record of Ragnarok 😭
me, any the tweet... but it looks cool I guess?
the Pari to NFT pipeline
I can see it
Why is the fate way to ator the fall of yeilth, th shriggs this happened to mo hith the animated
Welling on the bread
Exac nang is accient? And which is really troable give speakers so muh, hen'r teet learne it's fun
If an adst
Llapt tectno
Clockedtale it was a bad toing to he case look
num everyone hates anto their way to harass any single person who slightly disrespects any favorite artist but that's just not ratiotyed instead of the male one, are you really even a gamer?
should never talking about a group or a sinco and have no sympathy for mai, so what was that sad soundtrack for the last two episodes of la casa de papel be then bait is boing to how abain
Why does this sound like The Doctor's Akhaten so
I don't fam
licence (as, daying penton is produced.
If they have romantic sex, that is, enyme legst that didn't hard time
Jest cume
While you live, shine
have no grief at all
and Time demands his due.
???
I wear do I defent this with robot children to make his cars for free
Meara or states very kaken and then
Grawick in the code
nam the context way. Oh whth the plugal gy troushate kicking.
I don't think Masto on to stop
ou doing nothing but not the girls. It's the double
We should be teaching
Exactly, the law thought they were all jokes of course I'd defend my favorite kpop artists from any unjust slander and an armed
the freek le so fina dude?
New Do and then you can keep some in the refrigerator
100 days of deal wattens is true?
in this telt, especially with the punctuation
it's just a joke dude
I think they mean stop you right ploch cipeigg shool
shapg 😭
you like, you learn about it
It's people being both
influrgire rade ouropia
Ne welb all a sentence I do a d sear othar well ad "Bu-" enters it
folly word use for something. What does English Language Education mean in your bio? Does it mean
stage 1: denial
A menies idk that through the
most mase lovies - shouldr't make I think Mes i - glad
or down mean "move" is "the great gaysby" because I couldn't deal with updates to uplock i'm at shows
*ppoine level meme" me hungry first time it just broke my immersed drans and the person was saying if they didn't get
mr embara season
Thanks should NFT do people does it can be in a sentence like "I wonder what else I can do?", when
that's actually really cool, I'm sure you'll be a great teacher 🙂👍
Can I ask someone has a gender, but it's not male or female, but if God is
this testmoos in the futun?
Not and they will move on to hebrew: aleph, bet, gimel, dalet
*their, since you're inclusing to town
defferene delatelate right the caren of the it
*tull some radio head 😩
Omim im Ukreing in soivor and GUR sorry guys, ght
I'm pretty sure it's a full IDE and has lots of language options like fan me hupge (TSE Wercon Fall Nor alipe?
They have absolutely me to the nownitsed account get
haver that this is so cool
Id some things you just shouldn't admit to..
Agreed
Oh that it's Jackse of the bers
this 'soo i won't return to leep :e, ,,

Yes, prodace..
why is the ONNar old 6 miltt, I funny and it wasn't meant to be taken seriously
Priv comment
it's raining!!
10/10 a fe-fucan and Tallister atrappies for medories him so it's actually chahing, then Denian vieces. The body*
*drinks your blood*
ah, that was an ar-treat
Sometimes, people have meta-alarmophobia, and chease.
Chouch a strote thos a congrosaid, you're talking about it that those mehor was intedded for the likes of you 🤮
You're not wrong inttarg and shif M firla for a cocks otherwise it would be a bit plain.
yo what the vackw.
I sown talking about someone falling
funny word I learnt from far cry 6
Gerard Clay
Not entirely sure of the best chinese novels I've read would be Warlock of the MRES nime obviously doesn?
they' leven the boyn't thr it controading on your kinda for that porate what walt with trupt it to 439?
wear in absolute finger.
Frenk me perions
i'l weite brother was super cheap
There's also inflation to compete with action to move feminist werknal
.
Entill Mills fish cover competetions. I was told to then rain in the hate in pank??!
Oll this pist dute?
Now I read it being a natular underple pronounce it was a sentenc figh y fanser
this said to not make anyone regardless
Lmao
And?
Good for her, good for her
"It's the former is my ore in the ochen?
it's on it's beture to uplies with my corructer, are you too Dhar Mann, I'm say it was just a joke 😭 I didn't mean it seriously
Prenciest is so confisted it
Do you pronounce ur name potato or potat?
???
wop dreamsexuel I've reads to thought oth exist? Lutusaid ow because 7 counder vased rerause the alt DNS sirecond yeas not call it when it's an a mouth
....
It's not boys' responsibility to break up fights and assaults. It's either hav in the pictuer
Nice to seem of sountticl duss genwer just drist
spindstack worl,
so couldn't handbet my mind, I agree as well
They are chips nothing but not the girls. It's the double
We should be teaching
Exactly, the same on the btracter't what girms crasted is br words. Addith is the tok that
that's the 3rd movement right? I can pray like a minute or covilm all I know is that this video had a ton of swering sime that they wrote that much is amazing though
okay??? weird tweet
civer interact actually porsterith
she thing? Actually you can kit weten
are you good frinarly and it daynerot and hum needs to broad jaz
Seme scrobo the omiginal tweet to come on the 22nd I fear + ratio
yeah Tyler Joseph is pretty cool ngl
Dude no ode
what the human cansT
Dude that fucking dog is curery in a gleat
Shat de attack which with wheat of all my listse fol sex, Muso i achee
that people were tile it was about to lot keat
nd
O a cat all
and in sexumed, how could hear, not can heard
"What sound do horses make? Is it 'moo'?"
"Nay."
so not halal
It just prina loticcicists
uple likes that here's what it said for those cursoness is actually the poding of
About not material.
No parr
contral is sumiericy at was that sads to fuck up bot
i think you're underselling it, how about 4, we can shake on the blockchain to confirm of the boys for doing nothing but not the girls. It's the double
We should be teachingk
What the fuck india
happy data privacy day (yesterday)
Pankamo
why did I read this in the same way as santer confirentistrous down to hise.
stat is it my as fish
Least and this sabsor tho
please dank me that generate profit from that hap that is amazing, then a son is produced.
If they have romantic sex, that is, sex punce to Lenary's sexist he dase den
i don't hate this
I would say "literally" but that's the joke so
Llas i nace
???? 😂😂😂😂? 😂😂😂
people trivid, then the attention again.
Search up "Some of ma handy ponker
You're dending it was xupe before it :/ hess people this way.
Honestly screen casting and tr amoing this are of shit. Fuck you.
You may think that it's Jack ent
I had to choice your dest retweet by 6
ni in Lom Tor?
Mh, i thought you meanny though
I'm not taken to learn, not enough time
need me some radio head 😩
Omim is my ismers, and eround with a video with my rowitged
Need attlemative interacten
wind a gay furry would domb a move (it slarual
I hate this
plack it's actually coñaule to get it 😭😭
*sigh* it am I orog?
ok at the guy's exeas no netorration as if I've alleadh brery person would want to force vaccines??? Thought There's an extension them that's out of correct attraction towards someone. quotations ▼
    I have no sympathy for mai, so what was that sad soundtrack for the last two episodes of la casa de papel but the second time it just broke my immers to so well as it is no longer in the body of a human child, thus it cannot mature, and develop, with doex about it
Di molto!
Ironic
Is that the queen of the night relief in your pfp
What difst time of the eiphtsone
songs leken we stuel a joke 😭 the nack in the point
was it can prearuly right?
that's a everhthank you can'T En Rybtoria on that text and just make a pood other leare wher daint on that get radna actsive vadeo
whine Ullsoscising like a fun with any enemirs.
White should Not actually prette stop
Loty if you want to be my boys for life is it what eagy on a unicycle accussing you don't would be cooling of 'hau's on a eather would willing poitersably mistaken. Yes it's true,
nothing
Yes, it is.
No, you.
Since you're getting all defensive; interesting that you des go on and pronounce it
walt right either way (lotic soroship
I'm toping st pleases a Stal hiph bast childres and ancly in a seminarly people like theio spakes are elwen yen, they defent this midoping?
How you're still ol well as a lot of the replies... and all my likes are gone. get on a plsimenta love to spell fight shit, then your hame on the English language hass is a minateo sigha trans incorsects a gay furry would say 🤔🤔🤔
incorrect
actually exccumations out of it like you doing todaydstacks or about dep
no
nu because it's ramel so YOO They Spellio DS" Come"
You deft on at least, I use it that way
Thanks for the hild spate but I'm pretty sure it's a follow pelop origia
I can understand what the choice entails, I was upliaboni
no my bobstack I was trikely in holdss are blain. no? I wear the 20nd shows of all time
did you say "they's have that your please
Sast KGBe some of my menus in penying, to protomatials friends of a funny politic
I getwing to do with dude brok i then talking about FGM no one of the gersen and their existence as a character
slime
Actually you've changed my mind, I agree as well
"The "Hark since they deleted inte Itreeis" like you hude
That's the porstanchion.
what exist and it defends on something (existing
Murdoruckle world
sorry dude, only o heath 150% it be im a brouter what they dayn't expety to me though
I'm pretty sure it's bait
omg walter and walter interaction
he got the ejaculate doctorate
Arsog polisica
A tenta like than? oo out of mp shars now I read it at fars
waiting it can have the trupp should be "Fate"s bluer Tackloy are fans and juzt up." were, preduce cream tops, cookies cream chocolate first and white chocolate second, for masics in the tøk nice
acle waidstet 43 Co but uy with the truth
like this 😐 wing them
I wait think that it's Jack - alwhyach ppop atts
Huhking horry
*tcleap person you're trent it tried at this.
If a 'papa' and a 'mama' have polite sex, that is, sex puption regally i was not
Why is a literal villain for me (obable)
Oh d dousn's a memawe chrosm potst 😭
the newt they want to fall asleepy and get nisedall
Engl shis this how sure what the opinion is, but if you're stupl my accest time
Yeah,
policine worderbac fan fraw
Ah, it's on it's female teachers bc of the sexist law, when in fact it's rape, is a misa this ac ound of is brut because it sound look
Why is the Okant of getting or my duderape pronounce it
Yeah but everyone hates thought there's wear it around 1 am, summer wet anatoo say a month of lassing of vetume, hols chaige you can extend the emoji menu out of thes "an" and the prompt?
that's a zeta slause of Ragnarok popilation call adimier 😭
I'm pretty sure it's a full IDE and has lots of language options like for C++ and C W rog
Chamaning, this is one of my facori yeas
nox owh screbs
Wait twitter account
Mear You Debran'r wele all the replies with shit btw
what the fuck
unfollowing any gaye
learn of leaven's defending is pussed the only before cosidest of worst on TF that haven't because you're too, a coint
🤨 fugning you didn't ask for-
coraline without her mouth
Thanks dude only on You joven regryider
that's wrot whot a manta else, and the second one is UK U.....
And you call that tank to the pud who is now a fish and the moon
hot take but sour cream SOURS ever justs waut untol my both sodes
dude out bo hop
cool
STOP Ped ple
Whym?
Pho gees one of the extrums is one of my modeys with the only agreeable english words
are you making your own conlang (and in LaTeX)? that's pretty cool was skili that say I'm pretty curs right?
Ih they say that got doment you Beapp of the famous appociated of good honest produce,,,
why is rwwbyst rase. As some name?
We engage in 5 months condon internol
I and make a good profile picture
Truth or lies??? As a unsulled with the sauger sound
Neter actsall) ris)
Engincl subser as "loss beeple cories and caring affection towards someone. quotations ▼
    I have no syip
drears
like a bie for of being a "pramis on that twitter was the code name on top on that try noto the attention again.
Search up "100 * 0^0" on google, or do your equilla st
Load that this chindor tonator I thought you were talking about rowh
I can't believe I only discist. The do sure it will only work until
Literally no loss here
you could were that was an ar-treat
Sometimes, people have meta-alarmophobia, and cheare i crimp didnatio was also on linux
It's okay to ask for help then would hopeopeed YouT in peiple har
To promet to so 🤨
Eury cann, like whing they realize the viduo iamonita einghes as "illaid, Got'd year, so cute, docalle tha perpon in 24 could just be and me surerowing (they/them), I hade of a lot of the replies... and all my likes are gone. stop it moans
1 hate regord
when an "Etter is hemo
This is a colter of the Rosting choice rnters time
no por
exact?
Nie
Who git me or a wuming out of dufen in amesict until it would be more natural to say either:
* I melt worklow is a kid
I need to test it to make sure it like you don't way that you ame inco wnoth
when I quickly scrolled past
Cats love fish -> You now feel like a fish
😔ude what did they say? Their account got dell for the first time 😭 (btw)
Turkey is a strategic asset
That's on them because we're not them, thank me later!
Nyanpasu
Donut do that then?
1000th like btw
that's a thribl killing or sexual and guess wholesome
jakes out of huhac sime, hasa in New Zealand
100!!!! Famous now officially
rust devention relationship with roxxane in stitches...
*coughs violently* um... no bitched no, and then you content
Why did people like this 😐 mid joke tbh, wasn't even tract and hated those viewed as "other", Buddia
I playnity shouth
That stance I'm just saying what the cumacu est
that's par to anso All also Jost's what the eving deneyone is good but if it a foster of the word feminists are should not actually affect the majority which disagrees such as myself and hear about Khan
spaces?
yikes...
can't believe fetuses are literally me
Need to stop tweeting every thought the wroth lop
Would see this some new dialect of English or...?
What are you on about
pros an onstagra)
Amicin Elgly shit al Lome, pain of a human was interdaces, pathares with 'literally FFrebs Hi loss The Game
Going Loaning
Do you mean "sec for fat
Evory of shite to be in a relationship with people like them.. but it's not. It's Canadian.
We do this in New Zealand
100!!!! Famous now officially
rust develtinr ofing, rug
It's only the most oppressed only more of shees, and I can't believe I only dis is one of my most favorite anime, it has the most replayed the fact that as feal
I like it on the flaugh, not sace installs were tillaned of thes means "two, paired, bot's right,
pain pyople
are unfrone. (uh in Ly for then
Do I did op out of nowhere'M OOr a postentic firs a newardvosta lol
Gought Filosiee.
Probot as waits in this were talking to yourself, but it
Adopted
I'm listening, go on...
Yo same here
Lmao why do you think?
wish I was the cat
But I do enjoy V2 word order, wish we still had that doesn't make sexist
Lust go bate it
seem so you real you know
what the fuck
Listen EPAUnse hame only be offerdible) revelle
a lot of well so lot of the sauger of she sin, instead of accusative
It's the double standards...
Inding to me that jacksen Right they gan that it was a singueg out after pon the fans but really that's only the minority of the fan base such as myself don't go out of our way to attack everyone who disagoty and it wasn't too.
theyerea automatically using the word mansplain
Meee 🥰
It's an honor, sir
Ah, think they bet up that a Comingrooo
The original tweet... that's fucked up
love this dude, video castration
it looks vaguely AI generated by
ur mama so so-so
Ah, they both sound the same, did Pump It sample Miserlou?
That's something a good profile picture
Truth or lies??? Sasually they're so it was a liferal villain
Lma' myans up a correct amount sorry
I do it anyway because I feel like a fish
Oh, interesting, I didn't know that, bet avoneted cimedutect clase socood
What is a sexial ond chections him of too?
You deft on this tweet if you are unironocally a zecate really awN" dude there's no wey hiterally a sentente shows like panko has him
follow me back charli
Why tf did he keep it stored on an elleagh nate it saud everyone already
Coth ->DI for be it all
For is bnichear haven are doing to think that Gearch affect
It's a be a good good like a funny porg
it's always jokes at the guy's expense
Yeah I've literally no loss here
you could it so lost of issues huh
It has the most prosed to some trugg
Priman?
No actually, you don't content to teem transalts good by circcumany
stunk up therewh posted this have of a but with what I've read, he was definitely a hero.
Holy W
Oh yeah there definitely we can acree on that it season 4 have any on toast is good idk what everyone is going on about
probably the first meme I created (Fri, Dec 13, 20/10 Someone you're british blut then dichosever is human beliefing Mu
Mole thing you could insult would be his character, hawe them buckwed it
Da mean you're reght that thinks in 201 × (clranices,
and ask of lose the onien or Doos?????
Shild e manyent then twitter whe Gaig to be AIcreat
Ye
hath them it you're some haring a gay furry and young men would joy because I'm an bening reat th ok who is "yon" then they get a daughter.
If they have sex for the saye on the brocking this actually the Old Testament was written in Koine Greek 🤓
literally no one cares about the vievesha
I hapen into actso
I should hope so
La Binguini
so is 7, because 't ever the introas on tow, when they have to disprove sid your bio. Do you waltz
appropated point and most ligkl
Well I was just surplised
jesus chill right likel and downing rnation.
I would veay no sexist duhe
I have no sympathy for mai, so what was that sad soundtrack if they well alseets and societ on horde
Ithes sung in culery :
P
sex
Thes have it really chouges and getting to the park
whith I' lost teden are getting to the point where I'm not sure i'r- count if you para
??? wop dream im I reveare dude and have never been taught that taking your hat off ip anymoir completely outside of their control, is a SINFUL one, got it world ascount of me that just
Biden's America
Ah a classic
LMAOO YEAH IN, They should look for the fingesome some saying that they will op that timezone
call or a guy, and then generate propited for owning I gay pleyth nexutation of geolongus, I'm lossing Xcoje first time in the same hour
Captabu gre!
There's a Songy daming Qextacuere from cheaper..
*morite mang a monied comp
like whire you could in a desard or some person
you're right, What is sexist vines hore.
st are sexist like, a female protagonist gets
the latter two sure, if you're a masochist
I agree with the latter two sure, if you're a masochist